{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang3081{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi283\cf1\f0\fs22 George visited the scene of the warehouse every few days, and joined a small crowd of human onlookers waiting for something interesting to happen.\par
Once, George spotted a vampire in the crowd. The dark sunglasses in the drear of a November afternoon was a give away, but vampires could almost always spot one another. They nodded to one another, and then the man in the dark suit and overcoat made his way to George.\par
\ldblquote Hello, I am Jean Luc from Burgundy. Do you know anything about this?\rdblquote\par
They shook hands as they introduced themselves. George now knew the vampire was about two hundred and forty years old, and had once been a French nobleman.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m George, originally from Greece, but I\rquote ve been on loan to the Black Prince for many years. I was hoping you might know something.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ah. You have not been blood oathed to him. I am investigating at the request of my master. You are the first vampire I have found. It seems all who were blood oathed to him have died. Do you know any vampires who survived?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Not being blood oathed was a condition of my loan. I haven\rquote t heard from any vampires, and none of the ones I\rquote ve tried to contact can be found. The Black Prince didn\rquote t want me living with any of his vampires, so I do not know many.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Do you live alone?\rdblquote  \par
George would rather not answer this question, but if he said yes, the other vampire would sense the lie. \ldblquote No, I share a house with a couple of werewolves.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That is unusual, George.\rdblquote  Jean Luc pronounced his name the French way. \ldblquote Wolf packs in Europe are not friendly with vampires.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So I\rquote ve heard.\rdblquote  George shrugged. \ldblquote These aren\rquote t members of any pack. I work with them at the hospital. They\rquote re both rather unfortunate, really. Michael was attacked and bitten or scratched on the way home from a late shift. Six weeks later he turned into a werewolf. I found him just before he turned back, though I didn\rquote t realise who he was until he turned back. He was naked and covered in blood lying on someone\rquote s front lawn. I think he ate a dog. I wiped the blood off and took him home before the police saw him. He moved in with me a few weeks later. A few months later he gave it to his girlfriend. I don\rquote t think she\rquote s ever really forgiven him, but she moved in once she realised she was a werewolf. I look after both of them on full moon nights.\rdblquote\par
Jean Luc nodded. \ldblquote Yes, if you are not part of a vampire family, it can be very lonely. I am staying at this hotel,\rdblquote  he palmed a card to George. \ldblquote if you should meet any other vampires, I would like to talk with them. Just ask for monsieur du Bois.\rdblquote  He pronounced it as two words.\par
\ldblquote From the woods? Sure, I\rquote ll let you know of any.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, a nice, innocuous surname. And how may I contact you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t have a mobile phone or email, but we do have a home phone. Do you have a pen and paper?\rdblquote\par
Jean Luc smiled. \ldblquote The older we grow, the more set in our ways we become. I also do not have either of those.\rdblquote  He produced a notebook and pen. George gave him his contact details.\par
\ldblquote So what happens to us? Who will take over? You? Some family from the continent? There has to be someone in charge.\rdblquote  \par
\ldblquote Yes, there has to be, otherwise there will be a civil war between families. George, I will be frank with you. If some powerful master has survived, then that vampire would be the logical choice. I am investigating for my master, I dare say that others will be investigating for theirs. No family will attempt to take over without approval of the council. But if a powerful enough vampire cannot be found here, then the council will arrange for someone to move here and set up a new family. Of course, I am not privy to the council, this is just my own thoughts.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I understand. There should be some in the north, and perhaps Ireland. I know the Black Prince complained about recalcitrant families there who refused to be subservient to him.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I will let my master know that. Have you seen the devastation close up?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, only from the air. It reminded me of pictures of Hiroshima.\rdblquote\par
Jean Luc looked at the nearest policeman, who nodded and lifted cordon tape. \ldblquote This way, sirs.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Do you know much about the layout?\rdblquote  Jean Luc asked as they crossed under the cordon..\par
\ldblquote It was a disused warehouse. The Black Prince built a large number of rooms underground. The entrance was this way.\rdblquote  George led the way to the gates.\par
The stone wall was half melted, the heavy steel gates a rusting, frozen pool. The soil was charred slag.\ldblquote The heat!\rdblquote  Jean Luc exclaimed. \ldblquote Whatever it was, it detonated in the centre of the crater. The temperature here had to be nearly three thousand degrees centigrade. What am I saying? The stone had to be heated to this temperature, so the fire was much hotter. I wonder how long the detonation lasted? You were right about Hiroshima, this had to be thermonuclear.\rdblquote\par
George indicated a slope leading down into the crater. \ldblquote That would be the driveway down to the garage for the cars. They were on the bottom level, with living areas above. His office was, er, somewhere near the centre, but a level above.\rdblquote\par
Jean Luc lead them down into the crater. The bottom was smooth and glassy, except for the centre, where a pile of rubble existed. At the top of the pile was a slab of concrete about the size of a small table top, with a shred of carpet on top. That had to be where he and Fleur had stood while the conflagration raged around them. \ldblquote That looks odd.\rdblquote  was all he said.\par
\ldblquote It does. Any weapon would have destroyed that as well.\rdblquote\par
Jean Luc meandered about, heading in the general direction of the centre. He seemed to sniff the air, and feel about him from time to time with outspread hands. Finally he said \ldblquote George, can you sense anything?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m not sure. What are you looking for?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Power, energy. See what you can feel.\rdblquote\par
George was silent for a minute, feeling the air. \ldblquote My palms are tingling slightly. I feel as if some powerful vampire is using power. Are you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, George. You are old enough to detect magic.\rdblquote\par
George nodded thoughtfully. \ldblquote Jean Luc, are you saying magic has been used here?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oui. There is residual power in the ground. Someone stood on that pillar, or more correctly, on the carpet on top of the concrete, and performed magic. Very powerful magic, that destroyed everything, except for where they were standing.\rdblquote\par
Very perceptive. George quietened his thoughts. Around vampires, your thoughts could give you away. \ldblquote Now that is interesting. I am old enough to believe in magic, and so was the black prince. I heard rumours, from his guards, that he was interested in finding magical creatures. They thought he wanted some sort of alliance with them. I don\rquote t know what kind of magical creature he had in mind.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote An alliance of power. Whatever did this was very powerful.\rdblquote  Jean Luc was nodding. \ldblquote Do you have any idea if he found any?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, and the guards never said he had found anything. That information would be for his inner sanctum, not the likes of me.\rdblquote\par
Jean Luc wandered around some more, tailed by George. The crater wasn\rquote t as empty as humans would think. Two human looking ghosts drifted around, as did a gun metal grey pillar. Jean Luc seemed to ignore them.\par
Finally George asked \ldblquote What\rquote s that grey thing like a Greek column?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Some sort of spirit being. They don\rquote t seem to do anything, and they never talk. The ghosts might. Hey, you two ghosts. Do you wish to talk with us? Can you tell us anything about what happened here?\rdblquote\par
One was dressed like a gentleman from the 1700s, the other like a member of the home guard from world war two. The gentleman remarked \ldblquote More bloody vampires. How did you escape?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We weren\rquote t here.\rdblquote  George remarked calmly.\par
\ldblquote Shame really. You all deserve to burn. You\rquote ve sold your souls for a travesty of eternal life.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hah!\rdblquote  The home guard laughed. \ldblquote It went up in a fireball, bigger than any in the blitz. They must have been stockpiling incendiaries.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They all burned to ash.\rdblquote  The other one remarked. \ldblquote Serves them right.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But did you see who did it?\rdblquote  Jean Luc pressed.\par
The home guard said something that chilled George. \ldblquote She were a chit of a girl. The black prince tried to bite her. She exploded in flame.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What was she? Can you describe her?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Dark hair. Pale skin. Dunno what she was, but she burned them all, and she laughed as they burned. Standing in the flames, hot enough to melt steel. She laughed as the vampires burned.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I think she was a devil.\rdblquote  the gentleman commented.\par
George realised the home guard\rquote s descriptions could fit either Fleur or Melody. \ldblquote Could she have been an angel?\rdblquote\par
The home guard shrugged. The gentleman asked \ldblquote Why?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, she destroyed all the vampires. Surely a demon wouldn\rquote t do that?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Demons are tricky. But you have a point.\rdblquote  The gentleman conceded.\par
\ldblquote I think we\rquote ve learned all we can.\rdblquote  Jean Luc opined.\par
\ldblquote Mmm.\rdblquote  George responded, turning to the home guard. \ldblquote Did you survive the blitz?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Nah. Died in it. Been hanging around London  ever since. But I been keeping an eye on the vampires.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I was a clergyman. I was killed by one of the Black Prince\rquote s vampires, and I\rquote ve been keeping an eye on them ever since.\rdblquote\par
George and Jean Luc looked at one another. \ldblquote A blessed cross should keep us at bay.\rdblquote  Jean Luc remarked.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve had to face the fact that my faith wasn\rquote t strong enough. Perhaps if I\rquote d been Catholic.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Or orthodox.\rdblquote  George remarked. \ldblquote I was orthodox.\rdblquote\par
Jean Luc chortled. \ldblquote And I was Catholic. Old man, your faith wasn\rquote t strong enough, and neither was ours.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Just thank God that you died.\rdblquote  George added, a little bitterly. \ldblquote We didn\rquote t, and neither of us chose to become vampires.\rdblquote  He turned to the other vampire. \ldblquote Jean Luc, I don\rquote t think there is anything to gain by talking to these ghosts. I would like to go.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I am inclined to agree, George.\rdblquote  He turned to the spirits. \ldblquote Thank you, ghosts. I bid you adieu.\rdblquote\par
* * * * *\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\lang9\f1\par
}
 