{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi283\cf1\lang3081\f0\fs22 [October 2002. George has Michael and Susan, a werewolf couple, sharing his house. Fleur and Melody also live there. Both girls have graduated from university. Fleur is now 24, and between jobs. Melody is working part time as an accountant. (40)   (8083)]\par
\b\par
Pickup.\b0\par
George\rquote s early shift finished at two. When Fleur was younger, he\rquote d looked forward to them, since he could buy groceries and be home before she came home from school. She\rquote d do her homework, and help him prepare the evening meal. Now she was grown up, he missed that. \par
Today he would buy some groceries and plan the dinner menu with Susan, one of his house mates. He hoped Fleur and Melody, her best friend, would be there. Fleur was between jobs, Melody had the day off, but they\rquote d talked about going out for the day.\par
He hopped off the bus and walked towards the shops. Four men in dark suits and sunglasses flanked him, and it felt as if he were wading through treacle. \ldblquote Shit!\rdblquote  He thought rather than said. He\rquote d been careless.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 He exerted his own powers attempting to counter that of the four, but succeeded only in weakening the grip. Something heavy smacked into his head, and he staggered, partially stunned. His sunglasses fell to the ground, and he was nearly blinded by the brightness of the overcast day.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Easy, Georgie Boy, if we have to beat your head in, we will. The boss wants to see you, now.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George used his powers to heal, swallowing the impulse to punch his assailant. \ldblquote Reggie, I bet you wouldn\rquote t try that without your backup. What\rquote s your boss want?\rdblquote  Around them, the passers by walked oblivious to the five of them.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Reggie was a solid looking bully boy, with a number of scars from fights. He\rquote d been an enforcer for a criminal gang five hundred years ago. He\rquote d made the mistake of trying to collect from a master vampire, and for the last five hundred years had been an enforcer for his new master. \ldblquote I can take you one handed.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote You wanna try?\rdblquote  Although he was younger, one on one, his powers were a match for any of the four. But if three held him, Reggie could just beat the crap out of him. \ldblquote One on one? None of your thugs to hold me down?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I could kill you...\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But you won\rquote t, because your boss would kill you. You won\rquote t even beat me up, because I will tell your boss. He wants something from me, and if you did manage to beat the crap out of me, he won\rquote t be happy.\rdblquote  If their boss wanted him dead, or roughed up, that would already be happening. Therefore, they needed him in good condition. He glanced at the man to his right. \ldblquote Ronnie, I\rquote ll have my sunglasses back. Reggie, where\rquote s your car? Have you ever thought of saying please?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Reggie glared, then cracked a smile. \ldblquote Nah, it\rquote s bad for my image.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\par
\b Cooking\lang2057\b0\par
\lang3081 Four girls stood in the small kitchen, and chatted while they worked. Fleur looked about nineteen, though her passport said she was twenty four, had pale skin, blue eyes, and rich auburn hair. She was tending a mixing machine making a batter, and poking the mixture with a plastic spatula. Melody looked about the same age, had black hair that descended past her shoulders, green eyes and pale skin. She held a plate of grated carrot, controlling how it dropped into the batter. Susan looked in her late twenties, had a blonde bob and blue eyes, make-up that darkened her pale skin, and red lipstick. She was lining a cake tin with greased paper.\lang2057  Larissa, a pretty thirty something with mousey brown hair, stood watching the others.\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Did George say what meat he was going to buy?\rdblquote  Susan asked.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote He said something about tornadoes and Roquefort.\rdblquote  Fleur replied.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I've not had that before. Is it good?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote We haven\rquote t had it for a while, but we like it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You need a good red to go with it.\rdblquote  Melody added.\par
\lang2057\ldblquote I had it once at a restaurant.\rdblquote  Larissa said. \ldblquote It was all right, but nothing special.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I think you\rquote d like George\rquote s version. Melody says it\rquote s almost as good as hers.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Huh. Are you teasing me? How am I going to taste it? I can\rquote t even smell it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Use your imagination.\rdblquote  Melody responded. \ldblquote And just imagine it being better.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll never know.\rdblquote  Larissa looked downcast.\par
\ldblquote Patience. You\rquote ll be reborn in another twenty or thirty years. Twenty more and you can come around for dinner.\rdblquote  Larissa made a face, but spoilt it by laughing.\par
\lang3081\ldblquote For someone who is a vampire, and a former Greek village boy,\rdblquote  Susan commented, \ldblquote he\rquote s a remarkably good cook.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote He wasn\rquote t when I met him.\rdblquote  Melody replied with a smile.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote He could cook things I liked, such as roast beef and potatoes,\rdblquote  Fleur added, \ldblquote but I had to find recipes for him, and help him buy the ingredients.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote So it\rquote s all your doing then.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote No, it\rquote s mostly Melody\rquote s. She trained as a chef.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Really? When?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote A long time ago now, when I used another name.\rdblquote  Melody looked slightly embarrassed. \ldblquote It was back in the fifties. I lived in Paris, and trained as a French chef.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Susan shook her head. \ldblquote You look so young, I keep forgetting you\rquote re almost as old as George.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote We elves don\rquote t age much. But neither will you. I\rquote ve said that before.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote And that\rquote s another thing, you don\rquote t look like an elf.\rdblquote\par
\lang2057\ldblquote Hey, that\rquote s right.\rdblquote  Larissa put in. \ldblquote Back when we first met, you looked more elf like.\rdblquote\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Well, I can shapeshift. I don\rquote t want to stand out, I want to look human. Susan, I\rquote m sure you could learn to shapeshift properly.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Huh! I wish I was normal.\rdblquote\par
\lang2057\ldblquote At least you\rquote re still alive!\rdblquote\par
\lang3081\ldblquote\lang2057 Larissa\lang3081\rquote s right. Besides, if you were a normal human, you\rquote d never have met us, or never have known what we are.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote There is that. Sorry \lang2057 Larissa\lang3081 . Neither of us can undo what\rquote s happened.\rdblquote  She gave an exasperated smile. \ldblquote I thought if you were a chef, you\rquote d be doing most of the cooking.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Huh! Been there, done that. When Fleur was younger, I helped her in the kitchen, but I kept giving George lessons, making him do the work. After enough prodding, he became good at it.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Cooking is much more fun with Mels.\rdblquote  Fleur commented. \ldblquote And you know what it\rquote s like now. We have something different each night, and it\rquote s usually months before we have the same dish again.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\par
\b In the car.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\b0 The car was a limousine, with darkened windows, a driver, and two seats facing each other in the back. Reggie sat beside the driver, Ronnie and a beefy blond guy, whom George knew as Cerdic or Cedric, flanked George facing forward, while the fourth sat facing George. They removed their sunglasses.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote So who\rquote s the new guy?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote That\rquote s Tommie. He\rquote s younger \rquote n you, George, but he knows kung fu.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote It\rquote s karate, actually. I\rquote m second dan black belt.\rdblquote  Tommie\rquote s accent placed him from the midlands. His dark hair was cut short, his brown eyes had a watchful look. There was a tattoo peeking from beneath the man\rquote s shirt.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote You ex military? I\rquote m George, by the way.\rdblquote  George reached out and shook the man\rquote s hand. Nothing puts a guard off more than treating him like a friend. With the touch, George knew more about the man. He had been a vampire for about eighty five years, and he\rquote d been twenty seven when he died, probably as a result of world war one.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Er, yeah, Tom, or Tommie. Pleased to meet you.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Army, or navy?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Navy, world war one. Our boat was shelled, and burned to the waterline. We abandoned ship. I\rquote ve no idea how I made it to shore. I woke up on shore, and the guys standing around told me I was a vampire. I lived in France for a while with them, then Ronnie and Reggie came and took me back to England. Nineteen thirty eight it was, and I was really glad to get here. Been part of the Black Prince\rquote s security team ever since. What about you?\rdblquote\par
\lang2057 George laughed. He\lang3081\rquote d told this story so often, he appeared truthful when he told it. It was partly true, which helped. \ldblquote I was one of the Greek resistance fighters against the Turks, back in the early eighteen hundreds. A small group of us were captured by a family of vampires. Most of us died, I rose as a vampire. I became a hit man, an assassin. I was traded among several European vampire families before I was traded here, just as you would have been. These days I try to keep out of trouble; I\rquote m just George the blood bank nurse.\rdblquote\par
Reggie laughed, an evil sound. \ldblquote You? Georgie is trouble, with a capital T. There\rquote s always a few rogues who go out hunting humans, attracting attention to us vampires. Georgie here is one of those who knocks some sense into them, or knocks them off.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You mean like that vampire serial killer a few years ago?\rdblquote  Tommie asked. \ldblquote We all knew it was rogue vampires, but no one seemed to be able to find them, and then the killing stopped, and it all went quiet.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yep, that was Georgie boy.\rdblquote  \par
George smiled a wolfish smile. \ldblquote Tell everyone, why don\rquote t you? They\rquote ll all come knocking on my door.\rdblquote  Tommie looked impressed.\par
\ldblquote They\rquote d need a small army.\rdblquote  Cerdic put in. After all these centuries, he still sounded faintly German, betraying his Saxon heritage. \ldblquote George\rquote s girlfriend is a werewolf, and he has a couple of daughters that have some kind of magical powers.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Are you really shacked up with a werewolf? \rdblquote  Reggie exclaimed. \ldblquote By Jesus\rquote  hairy balls, you\rquote re a wild one.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hey, no blaspheming.\rdblquote  Cerdic reprimanded.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s a tough job, but someone has to do it.\rdblquote  George wasn\rquote t happy to be here, but he wouldn\rquote t let the others guess that. His guards had turned into an escort. The Black Prince probably wanted someone killed. Someone dangerous, someone who wasn\rquote t human. He\rquote d just have to keep it friendly, and wait until they reached their destination.\par
\par
\par
\b Foreboding.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\b0 The cake was in the oven, Fleur was washing the dirty utensils, Melody drying, and Susan putting away. \ldblquote George is a bit late.\rdblquote  Susan remarked.\par
\ldblquote He may have missed his bus, it might have taken him longer to buy his groceries.\rdblquote  Melody commented. \ldblquote But it\rquote s not like him. Give him twenty minutes, then I\rquote ll go to look for him.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So you feel there\rquote s something to worry about too.\rdblquote  Susan said as she put a plate away.\par
\ldblquote I have a sense of foreboding, but I don\rquote t think it\rquote s George. What about you, Fleur?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Foreboding, yes.\rdblquote  Susan replied. \ldblquote That\rquote s what I feel.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote George is fine.\rdblquote  Fleur said. \ldblquote But something is making me uneasy.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Do you want me to find out what\rquote s keeping him?\rdblquote  Larissa offered.\par
\ldblquote That would be great.\rdblquote  Melody replied.\par
Larissa was still for perhaps eight or ten seconds, and then vanished.\par
\par
\ldblquote What are you doing, George?\rdblquote  Larissa\rquote s head and shoulders appeared through the closed window of the limousine. Cerdic made a warding sign against evil.\par
\ldblquote The Black Prince has kidnapped me. Tell Melody.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Get lost, ghost!\rdblquote  Reggie shouted.\par
\ldblquote Make me. I\rquote ll haunt you and bring you bad luck if you\rquote re not polite.\rdblquote\par
Reggie looked wary. \ldblquote Boss wants to talk with George. We\rquote re just following orders.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That excuse didn\rquote t work for the Nazis.\rdblquote  George jibed.\par
\ldblquote Is there anything I can do, George?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Just tell Melody.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Shut it, George. Or I\rquote ll have to knock your teeth out.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You try and I\rquote ll shove your hand so far up your back side you\rquote ll be able to pick your teeth with it.\rdblquote\par
Larissa pulled back, and then stuck her head through the windscreen. \ldblquote And I\rquote ll give you nightmares every night, bloodsucker.\rdblquote\par
Reggie took a swipe at her; his hand passed through her head and smacked into the windscreen. \ldblquote Hey!\rdblquote  the driver yelled. \ldblquote Cut that out, you\rquote ll damage the windscreen.\rdblquote\par
Larissa poked her tongue out. Her face suddenly became battered and blood smeared. She screamed like a banshee, a truly blood curdling sound, then vanished.\par
\ldblquote Mary\rquote s twat and Jesus\rquote  balls! Did you kill her George?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hey, don\rquote t blaspheme!\rdblquote  Cerdic looked shaken, Reggie was subdued. Ronnie and Tommie passed a look between each other.\par
\ldblquote Nope, I killed the vampires who raped and murdered her. She\rquote s part of the family now.\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\b Knock at the door.\par
\b0 There was a knock at the door. \ldblquote That might be George.\rdblquote  Susan said. \ldblquote I\rquote ll go, you girls have wet hands.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote George has a key.\rdblquote  Melody remarked. \ldblquote I\rquote ll come with you.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, do you think it\rquote s that crazy evangelist?\rdblquote  Susan asked.\par
\ldblquote Let\rquote s go see.\rdblquote  Melody replied.\par
As they entered the corridor the rapping came again, peremptorily, demanding. \ldblquote Now, if that were George, he\rquote d call out.\rdblquote  Melody commented softly. \ldblquote Move quietly.\rdblquote\par
Susan looked at the other woman, then nodded. She was wearing soft soled slippers, Melody a pair of moccasins she kept for indoor use. Susan could move very quietly when she wanted to.\par
They were still a couple of steps from the door when Susan stopped. \ldblquote I smell vampires, lots of them.\rdblquote  she whispered.\par
Melody nodded. \ldblquote About fifteen, I think.\rdblquote  \par
\ldblquote We know you\rquote re in there. Now open the door before we break it down!\rdblquote  somebody  outside ordered.\par
\ldblquote We have to leave now.\rdblquote  Melody stated. \ldblquote Put your shoes on, get your handbag and coat, and meet me in the kitchen. Quickly.\rdblquote\par
Susan looked as if she might argue, but she nodded, and hurried away. Someone thumped on the door, and Melody stated \ldblquote You are uninvited; you may not cross the threshold. The doors and windows are barred to you, they will not break or give way.\rdblquote  She walked away.\par
In the kitchen, Fleur was drying the remaining utensils. \ldblquote Who was it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote A bunch of angry vampires. It will take a while before they can get in, I barred the doors and windows, but I think we should stage an exit. Lure them away before George gets here. Grab your coat, shoes and bag.\rdblquote  Fleur dried her hands and left the kitchen. Melody went to the oven, checked the cake, and then fiddled with the controls.\par
\ldblquote What are you doing?\rdblquote  Susan asked as she walked in, wearing outdoor shoes and coat.\par
\ldblquote Setting the oven to turn itself off. It\rquote s a shame to waste the cake. I\rquote ve fixed the doors and windows so they can\rquote t get in for a while, but I want to lure them away.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote All right.\rdblquote\par
At that point Larissa appeared, looking her normal self. She told Melody and Susan about George.\par
\ldblquote Then we need to rescue him.\rdblquote  Melody explained to Larissa what had transpired.\par
\ldblquote There\rquote s more in the back garden, about ten or eleven.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We\rquote ll leave as soon as Fleur is ready.\rdblquote\par
Melody grabbed her jacket and walking boots and went to stand near the back door, where she dressed for outside. Then she stood still, as if listening. Susan looked agitated, listening to the noises outside, and the thumps and bangs on the door and windows. Then she shuddered, shook herself in a peculiarly unhuman way, and sighed herself into stillness. Melody looked at her, and slowly smiled.\par
Susan smiled back, and whispered, \ldblquote I never could do things like this, before.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I know. You have gained magic, and now you are learning how to use it. I can guide you in that.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What do we do now?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We wait for Fleur. I\rquote m the one who can use magic. Keep calm, and be ready for action.\rdblquote\par
Susan waggled her head from side to side, shrugged her shoulders. \ldblquote I feel a sort of pressure, like a building orgasm, or what happens before I shape shift on full moon.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The vampires are using their powers, trying to break in. I used magic to bar them, they will have to bring considerably more force to bear if they wish to break in. As a werewolf, you have your own power, and you are immune to their mind control. Your power senses their powers.\rdblquote  \par
Susan stood still. Then she whispered, \ldblquote I didn\rquote t ask to be a werewolf. I\rquote d give it back if I could.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote None of us can give away our powers, or what we are.\rdblquote  Melody replied gently. \ldblquote We do the best we can with what we have.\rdblquote\par
\par
\b The Lair of the Black Prince\par
\lang2057\b0 After twenty minutes they arrived at dilapidated and seemingly disused warehouse. There was graffiti on the easily reached place\lang3081 s, but the whole building exuded an air of menace. George recognised the use of vampire powers to make it uninviting. To vampires, it was like a neon sign saying \lquote vampires here.\rquote\par
They entered through a rusty iron gate that was artfully contrived to open easily and noiselessly. A graffitied roller shutter opened and the car drove into a cavernous loading dock. There was a gate house with more black suited guards, and the entrance to the underground living area that had been hollowed out beneath the warehouse.\par
George was conveyed to a luxurious apartment by Reggie and Cerdic. They knocked, then accompanied him inside. The ballroom sized living area had dark wooden wainscotting and bright tapestries done with sixteenth century designs. The floor was polished marble, strewn with expensive, Persian rugs. The furnishings were expensive, mostly Victorian era things of dark wood and leather, with marble here and there. Art deco lamps stood here and there, along with electric, crystal chandeliers hanging from the ceiling, and electric imitation gas lights on the walls.\par
The Black Prince was a dark haired, gaunt man of average height, with a neat black beard. He wore an expensive suit in an older style. George did not know if he really was the former Prince of Wales, Edward of Woodstock, eldest son of Edward III, an English king some time in the 1300s, or just claimed the title. He was, however, Master Vampire for almost all of Britain, with other masters blood oathed to him.\par
\ldblquote George, come in.\rdblquote  He sounded bored, not a good sign. \ldblquote You others may go. George, take a seat. McAllister, get him a glass of wine.\rdblquote  McAllister was the Black Prince\rquote s human servant, partaking of his master\rquote s powers, but able to go places his master could not, such as churches. McAllister was a red head, seeming about thirty, and dressed in a modern suit.\par
George accepted a large glass of port from McAllister, and sipped it. Popular misconception held that vampires only drank blood. The truth was they could still eat human food, but that did not satisfy the Hunger that craved  blood, and life force. \par
George waited patiently while the other vampires walked from the room, waiting for the Prince to speak. Finally the door clicked shut. \ldblquote They will listen at the door.\rdblquote  George finally said.\par
\ldblquote But they won\rquote t hear.\rdblquote  The Prince said. \ldblquote My powers are better than that. Tell me George, are you content with your life?\rdblquote\par
George had to be careful. He allowed weariness to show in his face. \ldblquote It\rquote s a living. Company and friends are always welcome.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote My sources tell me you live with a werewolf and two human children.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, they followed me home, so I kept them.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Tell me why you are not blood oathed to me?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I guess it\rquote s not just out of the goodness of your heart.\rdblquote\par
The prince permitted himself a small smile. \ldblquote You would be right. Now tell me why.\rdblquote\par
The tone of voice told George he was sailing close to the wind. \ldblquote Plausible deniability. I do some of your dirty work, you don\rquote t want it traced back to you. If I am blood oathed, the council would know everything I do was on your orders.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So remind me why I should not kill you for disobedience.\rdblquote\par
George went still, blank. \ldblquote Why would you kill me? I\rquote m good at what I do, I\rquote d be hard to replace.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Small town killers are two a penny.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But I\rquote m different. I have a sense of honour, a sense of what is moral.\rdblquote\par
The prince snorted, and it turned into a laugh. \ldblquote I have slaves and sycophants, I have thugs, there are those who fear me, and those who hate me, and then there are a few, like you and me, who understand what honour is, and are intelligent. You\rquote ll do what I ask, as long as it is honourable in your eyes. You won\rquote t kill someone I want killed, but you killed someone I didn\rquote t want killed. Do you know whom I mean?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Who? Tony Grigio? He was a sadist who liked raping small boys, and then cutting them up alive. I caught him, and I cut him  up.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, not him. He ran a drug distribution ring for me, but he had no honour, and the world is a better place without him. Think again.\rdblquote\par
\lang2057\par
\lang3081\b Fleeing the kitchen.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\b0 When Fleur returned, Melody said \ldblquote I will perform some magic so they can\rquote t grab hold of us, and we\rquote ll run through the back yard and down the lane. As I want all the vampires to follow us, we won\rquote t run too fast. Susan, you must hold my hand,\rdblquote  she offered her left, \ldblquote and Fleur, you take Susan\rquote s other. Don\rquote t let go, they will be able to grasp you then.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How do we escape them?\rdblquote  Susan asked.\par
\ldblquote Magic!\rdblquote  Melody\rquote s eyes shone. \ldblquote Trust me, and do not let go me hand, no matter what seems to be happening. Ready?\rdblquote\par
Susan felt something prickling over her skin, knew enough to know it was Melody\rquote s power. The elf opened the back door, and they stepped through. Fleur turned to lock it behind them. Melody made a pushing motion with her free hand at the vampires crowding around, and threw them all across the yard. The three girls made it out the back gate and into the lane behind. Larissa floated with them.\par
A cry went up. \ldblquote They\rquote re in the lane!\rdblquote  Vampires came boiling out of their yard after them; two even flew over the roof. More came streaming around the far end of the lane.\par
\ldblquote Shit!\rdblquote  Susan exclaimed.\par
\ldblquote They can\rquote t touch you.\rdblquote  Melody reminded.\par
It was true. The vampires came within roughly three meters, and could approach no closer. The three walked quickly towards the far end, and the rapidly approaching crowd. Soon they were completely surrounded.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re coming with us, girls.\rdblquote  The leader ordered. \ldblquote Do as you\rquote re told and you won\rquote t be hurt.\rdblquote  He seemed to overlook the fact that none of them could touch the three.\par
\ldblquote All right, lead us to your cars.\rdblquote  Melody started walking again, and it was almost comical the way the surrounding vampires moved out of her way while still trying to look intimidating.\par
\ldblquote Is that wise, Melody?\rdblquote  Susan asked.\par
\ldblquote Yes, I want them to report they\rquote ve captured us.\rdblquote  She turned to the leader. \ldblquote Lead on. Who is your Boss? Who is your master?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The Black Prince. He told us to bring you in. The cars are this way.\rdblquote  \par
They walked towards the end of the lane.\par
\par
\b Vigilante\par
\b0\ldblquote Cast your mind back,\rdblquote  the Black Prince ordered, \ldblquote before your werewolf girlfriend moved in, and after your brats went overseas.\rdblquote\par
George put on his poker face. That was quite a span of time, but before Michael, Susan\rquote s real boyfriend, had moved in, there had been an incident.\par
It started with a spate of fires in flats and shops in an older, run down  area of London that some wealthy people wanted to redevelop. Every few days there would be a fire, apparently caused by such things as smoking in bed, a blanket thrown over an electric fire, or other seemingly innocent causes. In every case, the occupants burned to death.\par
George had discovered easily enough that there was a gang rumoured to be responsible, and from people like Reggie, that the gang was run by vampires. With the girls away, George had staked the area out for several nights. He\rquote d rescued a dying woman, Larissa, from her burning flat. After she had died, he\rquote d taken out the seven gang members one by one, with a little help from Larissa as a vengeful ghost, and more from Fleur and Melody at the end. What should he say to the the Black Prince?\par
\ldblquote You mean Fafnir\rquote s gang?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes George.\rdblquote  The Black Prince drawled boredly. \ldblquote I wanted those houses demolished.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He was slaughtering people.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote George, we\rquote re vampires. That\rquote s what we do.\rdblquote  The tone was a parent explaining to a stupid child.\par
\ldblquote They were killing whole families. And raping them first! Like the Turks did in my village.\rdblquote  George stopped before he said any more. It was probably too late, his face had showed his feelings.\par
\ldblquote Ah, yes. You lost your family. You killed many Turks back then.\rdblquote  The bored drawl had vanished, so that had been the right thing to say.\par
\ldblquote They weren\rquote t just clearing people out. They could have used their powers to make everybody leave before they set fire to the buildings.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I understand. Their methods were not honourable. I should be more observant of how my underlings carry out my orders, and ensure they use honourable means.\rdblquote\par
Was that sarcasm?  \ldblquote One or two fires would not be suspicious, but five in one street? The police were hunting an arsonist. It wouldn\rquote t have taken long to implicate the developers, and maybe even you.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote My organisation is always at arm\rquote s length, usually several arms\rquote  lengths. Perhaps you are right. What else can you tell me about Fafnir and his gang?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He captured me briefly. He wanted to blood oath me to himself. He said he would depose you when he had a few more followers and take control of your entire organisation.\rdblquote\par
The Black Prince leaned forward, his voice becoming animated. \ldblquote You tell the truth, yes. Fafnir Bloodaxe was blood oathed to me; I regarded him as far too dangerous to be left free. Was he lying to you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No. At least, I think I could tell.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, I think you could. Do you know how he broke his oath, or do you have any theories about it?\rdblquote\par
George stopped himself from feeling satisfied. This was going well. \ldblquote I believe he told the truth. How he broke his oath I do not know, but did you know he was a werewolf as well as a vampire?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That is not supposed to be able to happen. You have proof?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He turned into a wolf before my eyes, and attacked me in that form.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And yet you killed him. How?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote When I killed the Gunslinger, I took his gun. It had silver bullets. I put two in Fafnir\rquote s head, and two in his heart.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And what happened to the rest of the bullets?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Some missed, the rest I put into his girlfriend Naimh. She was also a werewolf.\rdblquote  And a witch, but he doesn\rquote t need to know that.\par
The Black Prince looked thoughtful. Then he nodded. \ldblquote Well George, you are safe, I am not going to blood oath you, nor will I kill you.\rdblquote\par
George kept relief from his face. \ldblquote That means I\rquote m free to go?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, you are free. You can walk out that door now. But you killed Fafnir\rquote s gang all by yourself, and that makes you dangerous. I need to ensure your loyalty to me. So, I will blood oath one of your daughters. I sent for them, they are on their way here.\rdblquote\par
George slumped back. How could it all go so wrong, just when it was going right. \ldblquote But, they\rquote re not vampires.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Not yet.\rdblquote  The Black Prince emphasised the word \lquote yet\rquote . \ldblquote I will tell them you will be killed unless one of them blood oaths herself to me. One of them will volunteer, but if not, you will choose one. They will be here soon, I suggest you wait for them. McAllister, please get him another glass of wine, and anything else he might require.\rdblquote\par
 \par
\b Faery Land\par
\b0 They never reached the end of the lane. A rainbow shimmer washed everything away, and they were walking in an alpine meadow, through wild flowers. The sun was out, but the air crisp and cold. All the vampires appeared to be with them. After a moment\rquote s delay, Larissa appeared. \par
Melody swung her free hand, making a scattering motion; Susan felt power prickle over her skin. The vampires all fell down, unmoving.\par
\ldblquote Have you killed them?\rdblquote  Susan asked. \ldblquote Where are we?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They\rquote re not dead, merely sleeping. They\rquote ll be out for an hour or so.\rdblquote  Melody explained. \ldblquote I\rquote ll collect them later. We are somewhere else, somewhere humans call the Faery Realm. Fleur and I can travel between these realms.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How can you do that?\rdblquote  Susan interrupted.\par
\ldblquote Magic. I\rquote m sure you can learn.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t know if I want to. Isn\rquote t magic supposed to be evil?\rdblquote\par
Melody\rquote s expression showed that Susan had said something stupid. \ldblquote Magic is use of power. It depends on what you use it for. Think of electricity. Is that evil?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No. But... oh, never mind. You can teach me some other day. We need to find George.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, and yes.\rdblquote  Melody smiled. \ldblquote Let\rquote s get moving.\rdblquote\par
She led the other two forward and through another rainbow shimmer to a cobbled street with horse drawn vehicles.\par
\ldblquote Where are we?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote On the way home. I\rquote m not sure what this place is called.\rdblquote  \par
They walked along the cobblestones, and through another rainbow shimmer. This street was packed with modern cars. Susan looked around.\par
\ldblquote I know where we are. There\rquote s the caf\'e9 we go to.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s right.\rdblquote  Melody replied. \ldblquote I\rquote m not sure how safe our home is, so I want you to stay in the caf\'e9 until we return with George.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But I want to come with you.\rdblquote\par
Melody smiled. \ldblquote That\rquote s a courageous offer, Susan; Fleur and I thank you for it. But you can\rquote t do any magic, you could be in great danger if you come with us. Please stay in the caf\'e9, we shouldn\rquote t be too long.\rdblquote\par
Susan looked glum. \ldblquote Very well, I guess you\rquote re right. I can\rquote t do magic, and can\rquote t fight. I can learn though.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, Fleur and I will teach you magic, and I suggest you start martial arts classes if you want to be able to fight. We\rquote ll see you soon.\rdblquote  \par
Fleur and Melody walked away. Susan watched them, thinking. They reached about eight or nine meters away when a rainbow shimmer swallowed them. It faded within seconds, and they were nowhere in sight. \par
Larissa waved. \ldblquote I want to see what happens. I\rquote m going to find George.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote All right. Bye.\rdblquote  Susan sighed, and walked to the caf\'e9.\par
\par
 \par
\b The Girls Arrive\par
\b0 George sat there, blank faced, not letting his anger show. The Black Prince would regret that decision. He didn\rquote t see any way the master of masters could enforce it. Fleur was a fire elf, and Melody was another elf. Elves didn\rquote t become vampires; elves had magic.\par
\ldblquote This is so not a good idea. Fleur and Melody won\rquote t allow it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They won\rquote t allow it? I am the Black Prince, I am the most powerful vampire in all of Britain. Do you think some human can stand against me?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You don\rquote t get it, do you?\rdblquote  Oops. Don\rquote t say a word about what they are.\par
\ldblquote What don\rquote t I get, George? What are you not telling me?\rdblquote\par
Pain, like fire, suffused his body, bad enough that he fell off his chair as he writhed in agony. \ldblquote They will never agree.\rdblquote  He managed to grind out.\par
\ldblquote I will make them agree, George. You see, your power is nothing compared to mine. Now be still!\rdblquote\par
George\rquote s body froze, though the agony continued. There seemed to be nothing he could do to break the Black Prince\rquote s hold, and nothing he could do to stop the pain. He couldn\rquote t even scream, only groan softly.\par
After what seemed like an eternity, Larissa appeared. \ldblquote Are you all right, George?\rdblquote\par
He could still think. \ldblquote Paralysed. In pain. Can you hear me?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes. Did he do this to you?\rdblquote\par
George explained what the Black Prince had planned.\par
\ldblquote Can he do that? The girls will be here soon. Is there anything I can do?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I think Melody and Fleur will kill him.\rdblquote  The pain made it hard to think. \ldblquote He may try to chase you away. I\rquote m not sure what you can do...\rdblquote\par
He was interrupted by the crash of something heavy being smashed. \ldblquote Which one of you is the Black Prince?\rdblquote  came Melody\rquote s voice.\par
\ldblquote George! George!\rdblquote  he heard Fleur scream. \ldblquote Mels, he\rquote s hurt!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m on it.\rdblquote  \par
\ldblquote Guards! All of you! To me! Now!\rdblquote\par
George felt power tingle through his body, and he was free to move, and free of pain. He sat up, and Fleur hugged him. \ldblquote Thanks girls. I think I\rquote m all right.\rdblquote  He explained quickly what the Black Prince had planned for her.\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s stupid and evil.\rdblquote  Fleur helped him to his feet. The Black Prince was standing, his feet rooted to the spot. Vampire guards were boiling in through the doorway, across the remains of an axe proof door that had been splintered to matchwood. George was surprised to see they milled around Melody, but were unable to go closer than about three meters. He asked Fleur about that.\par
Fleur explained about the spell, adding \ldblquote I had to drop mine, otherwise you wouldn\rquote t be able to get near me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Doesn\rquote t that mean we\rquote re in danger?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No. Give me your hand, I need to give you some of my energy.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Do I need it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Fire will protect me, but it needs to recognise you so it will protect you.\rdblquote\par
George\rquote s skin began to tingle, and a feeling of warmth spread through his body.\ldblquote The other guy is his human servant. Will Melody\rquote s spell stop him?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t know.\rdblquote\par
Melody was standing facing the Black Prince, who was still rooted to the floor, about two meters away from her. He looked very uncomfortable. \ldblquote How did you get in here?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We walked. How do you like having your home invaded? You sent your thugs out to break into our home and kidnap us. What are you pretending to be? A mafia don? I am warning you now, never, never cross me, or Fleur, or George again, because if you do, it will be the last thing you do. Do I make myself clear?\rdblquote\par
Fleur made a scattering motion with her right hand, and the nearby vampires were sent flying across the room. McAllister opened a cupboard surreptitiously, and drew out a gun, his back to the room. He cocked it, then spun and fired at Melody in one smooth motion. He fired four times.\par
A golden aura flickered around Melody, and the bullets fell to the carpet in front of her. The gun shimmered into rainbow colours, vanishing. McAllister barely had time to register surprise before his eyes rolled up and he collapsed onto the carpet. Several vampires had armed themselves with swords and spears; Fleur gestured at them and they collapsed. Melody spun, and all the vampires near her went flying across the room.\par
Larissa stood watching the proceedings, one hand to her mouth.\par
\ldblquote Fleur, let\rquote s go.\rdblquote  Melody called.\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s collecting his power.\rdblquote  George warned Fleur. \ldblquote He\rquote s drawing power from all his minions.\rdblquote\par
Melody went flying across the room, to slam into the wall so hard the reinforced concrete shattered. A moment later the ceiling collapsed onto her, burying her. Larissa put on her banshee act and went screaming at the Black Prince.\par
George found he was paralysed again, sitting huddled beside Fleur. The Black Prince ignored her and leaped across the room in a graceful bound, landing beside George. His pistol was pointed at George\rquote s head. \ldblquote These are silver bullets. If I shoot George, he will die. And I will shoot, if either of you girls tries anything. Ghost, cease your wailing.\rdblquote\par
The fallen vampires were getting to their feet, the unconscious ones waking. McAllister was on his feet, another pistol in his hand. \ldblquote What do you want us to do about her?\rdblquote  He indicated where Melody had fallen. She wasn\rquote t visible, but the pile of rubble could have obscured her.\par
\ldblquote Keep her restrained. Kill her if you have to. Now, hold this one while I bite her.\rdblquote\par
\par
\b Fire is my Friend\par
\b0 Vampires are much stronger than humans, but Fleur proved impossible to hold. A large number of vampires piled onto her, but she clung fiercely to George, and continued to trickle energy into him.\par
\ldblquote Stop it! Stop it!\rdblquote  Fleur yelled, her voice deepening with each yell.\par
Melody appeared out of a rainbow shimmer behind McAllister, grabbed him and disappeared again. George felt his stress levels go down several notches.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t let go, George.\rdblquote  Fleur\rquote s voice sounded masculine, hoarse. \ldblquote Your life depends on it.\rdblquote  George could see little flickers of blue flame on Fleur\rquote s body, and became afraid. Fire would protect her from the Black Prince. Fire was Fleur\rquote s friend. He had seen what it could do to those around her.\par
Melody flickered in behind the Black Prince and put McAllister\rquote s gun to his head. The Black Prince exerted his powers and sent her flying across the room. \ldblquote Disable her any way you can!\rdblquote  He shouted.\par
\ldblquote Mels!\rdblquote  Fleur yelled. \ldblquote Get out now!\rdblquote  Her voice was deep, harsh, inhuman. George knew what would happen, and felt a pang of sadness. He would die in a few moments.\par
Blue flame flared across Fleur\rquote s body, and his. He felt no pain, just a mild tingling, but the vampires were screaming and scrambling away. It wouldn\rquote t save them. Two or three had flames on their own bodies. Melody vanished in a rainbow shimmer. The Black Prince\rquote s face showed surprise and disbelief as he stared at the flames on his own body. Those on Fleur coalesced, and George shut his eyes instinctively.\par
Light so bright he was blinded through his closed eyes, and he flung his free arm to cover them. He was sure he could see the shadow of the bones in his arm. There was a roaring sound like a jet engine crossed with thunder and a charging locomotive. Fleur\rquote s power tingled across his skin, almost stinging where it was exposed.\par
\par
\par
\par
\b Devastation\par
\b0 The roaring went on for a while, followed by distant crashing sounds as it faded. The light dimmed. \ldblquote You can open your eyes, George.\rdblquote  Fleur\rquote s voice was normal.\par
They seemed to be standing in the midst of flames, and he thought he could see faces leering and jeering at them. \ldblquote Are we alive?\rdblquote  Or are we both in hell?\par
Fleur\rquote s face broke into a smile. \ldblquote Of course we\rquote re alive! You\rquote re my dad, I wouldn\rquote t let fire hurt you.\rdblquote\par
George almost danced a jig. \ldblquote You beautiful, beautiful girl.\rdblquote  and hugged her. Fleur hugged back.\par
They broke the hug, and George indicated the firestorm about them. \ldblquote So where are we?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Where ever they took you. We\rquote re still there.\rdblquote\par
George looked out through the flames which seemed to be dying down. It reminded him of pictures he had seen of Hiroshima. There was nothing for hundreds of meters around, save for flames flickering on the naked ground. The entire underground area of the warehouse was a crater, the edges of which had melted and run like honey, leaving congealing streaks.\par
There were no bodies, no skeletons, no pieces of metal or even puddles of metal. The surface had that melted rock look of lava flows.\par
\ldblquote Wow!\rdblquote  Larissa appeared. \ldblquote That was some explosion. Are either of you hurt?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, fire is my friend.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I'm fine too. How do we get out?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t know. Can you fly with me, like you used to do when I was a little girl?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Of course. You rescued me, now I\rquote ll rescue you.\rdblquote\par
He hugged Fleur to him, while she took a secure grip on him. Then he rose slowly into the air. Larissa floated with them. Seen from this vantage point, they could see the entire area around the warehouse was still burning. There was debris on the roads, along with stopped cars. Sirens were sounding, growing closer. \ldblquote Fire brigade.\rdblquote  George  said. \ldblquote We shouldn\rquote t be seen.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s all destroyed.\rdblquote  Larissa\rquote s voice sounded like a little girl\rquote s. \ldblquote Everything\rquote s gone. And you did this, Fleur. How?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Fire comes when I call it. I told them to destroy this place. And they did.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Who did?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Fire spirits. They told me they sterilised this nest of vampires.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why would they do that?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They tell me because they are my friends. They sterilised the area because they regard vampirism as a cancer; this was their chance to burn out the cancer, and cauterise the wound. They would have taken George too, but I told them not to.\rdblquote\par
They rose higher, admiring the view. George spied a treed area. \ldblquote That should be a safe place to land.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How far is it to home?\rdblquote  Fleur asked.\par
\ldblquote At least half an hour by car.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I wish I could shadow walk like Mels. Then I could take us straight home.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Melody will be looking for us. We\rquote ll put down in the treed area, and then wait. I\rquote m sure she won\rquote t be long.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll tell her you\rquote re both safe.\rdblquote  Larissa blinked out.\par
\par
\par
\b At the caf\'e9\b0\par
Susan was drinking tea and reading a magazine in the caf\'e9 when Melody, George and Fleur walked in, and Larissa glided in. \ldblquote Oh, thank God you\rquote re safe!\rdblquote\par
Susan had chosen a table with three empty chairs, enabling them all to sit. Larissa sat where they made room, conjuring a chair, pot of tea, and Danish pastry. The waitress came over. George and Fleur ordered coffee, Melody a pot of black tea. All three ordered sticky buns, George included. Fleur liked them, and he had taught himself to eat food that Fleur liked. \par
\ldblquote Did you have much trouble? Tell me what happened.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It was just as well you stayed here,\rdblquote  Melody replied, \ldblquote there was a big disagreement with the Black Prince.\rdblquote  \par
At Susan\rquote s prompting she went into some detail about what happened. She finished with \ldblquote I found McAllister\rquote s dead body, but no trace of the vampires that tried to kidnap us.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Did you find clothes?\rdblquote  George asked.\par
\ldblquote Yes. Why?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Most vampires will not survive the death of their master. Only the most powerful can survive, and most of those would have been in the Black Prince\rquote s lair. A human servant always dies when their master dies, many masters die when their human servant dies.\rdblquote\par
Melody nodded thoughtfully. \ldblquote I understand.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t.\rdblquote  Susan countered.\par
\ldblquote Vampires crumble to dust when they die, that\rquote s why all that was left was clothing. McAllister was a human servant, not a vampire. When he died, his body remained.\rdblquote  George explained.\par
\ldblquote And that implies that hundreds of people will have vanished.\rdblquote  Melody added.\par
\ldblquote Vanished?\rdblquote  Susan asked. \ldblquote Oh, they crumbled to dust.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Most of the vampires in Britain will have died.\rdblquote  George answered. \ldblquote There are no bodies. As far as non vampires are concerned, they\rquote ve vanished into thin air.\rdblquote  Susan was nodding. \ldblquote There may be a few powerful masters left, with their families. There will likely be a fight to see who takes over. And I expect a few families from the continent will come here to try their luck.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Won\rquote t the vampire council appoint someone to take over?\rdblquote  Melody asked.\par
\ldblquote They might, if someone suitable is available. Or they may let nature take its course, and see who emerges victorious. Then they could appoint that person to the council.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Actually that sounds more likely.\rdblquote  Melody agreed.\par
\ldblquote And if they have a preference for the eventual winner, they will lend that vampire a helping hand. Surreptitiously of course.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Won\rquote t they try to find who did this?\rdblquote  Susan asked. \ldblquote Sorry, I\rquote m not up on vampire politics.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m sure they will.\rdblquote  George replied. \ldblquote But as far as I know, no vampire has the power to do what Fleur did.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And we will keep Fleur\rquote s true nature hidden.\rdblquote  Melody added.\par
\ldblquote The Black Prince was watching us. They thought Susan was my girlfriend, and that you two were my daughters. They weren\rquote t sure what you were, though.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They likely thought we were some sort of shape  shifters, most likely werewolves.\rdblquote  Melody said with a laugh.\par
\ldblquote Do you think we\rquote re safe now?\rdblquote  Susan asked.\par
\ldblquote Safe enough.\rdblquote  George answered. \ldblquote Any vampire will know you\rquote re a werewolf if they get close. Fleur and Melody don\rquote t register as human either, but few of us know that elves exist, and fewer know they\rquote ve met one. Vampires and shape shifters will all think the two girls are some sort of shape shifters, just unfamiliar ones.\rdblquote  \par
\ldblquote Any vampire who takes over from the Black Prince will spy on all the non humans they\rquote re aware of. They\rquote ve been doing that for centuries before I was born.\rdblquote  Melody added.\par
\ldblquote Fleur, how do you feel about what happened?\rdblquote  Susan asked.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m fine with what happened. They kidnapped George, they tried to kidnap us, they attacked Mels and me, they wanted to make me into a vampire. Fire protected us.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Could the Black Prince have converted you, do you think?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I didn\rquote t want it to happen. But Mels knows more about this than I do.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve never heard of an elf becoming a vampire.\rdblquote  Melody explained. \ldblquote Our magic is supposed to prevent that from happening. In Fleur\rquote s case, I believe had he somehow knocked her out and tried to compel her to become a vampire, her fire would have burned him and all his vampires. More or less as it did. My own magic would have killed him had he managed to knock me out. You don\rquote t mess with elves. We\rquote re dangerous to vampires.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What I don\rquote t understand,\rdblquote  George remarked, \ldblquote is why would he try it? If he just wants to steal your life force, sure, he can knock you out and steal it. But to convert someone into a vampire requires their willing participation; he needs to control your mind.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I think he believed his power was great enough to do that.\rdblquote  Melody replied. \ldblquote Fleur didn\rquote t fight back like I did, I think he considered her powers limited.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, they are, compared to yours.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s not quite true Fleur. I have more training, more skill, I can do more things. You, however, have considerably more power. The Black Prince\rquote s powers could counter mine, and threw me into the wall. He tried with you, and nothing happened. You didn\rquote t even realise he tried, did you?\rdblquote\par
The girl looked apologetic. \ldblquote I was too busy keeping George safe.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why do you think he had nearly twenty vampires trying to hold you down? His power didn\rquote t work on you.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What happened to the bullets McAllister fired? I thought they fell at your feet.\rdblquote  George asked.\par
\ldblquote They did!\rdblquote  Melody smiled. \ldblquote A good shield spell will stop projectile weapons. It\rquote s also the reason the wall smashed when I hit it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Can we learn to do that?\rdblquote  Susan asked.\par
\ldblquote All of you can learn to do magic. How well will depend on your training, your practice, and your innate power. I have started teaching Fleur, Susan, if you want to make time, I can teach you, and Michael if he wants. George, you and I have already discussed this. As a vampire, what I can teach you is limited, but I will teach you what I can.\rdblquote\par
 \par
\par
\b Aftermath\b0\par
The news reports were puzzling. The destruction of the warehouse was thought to be the work of terrorists, but the warehouse was unused, and there were no bodies. The complete destruction gave rise to speculation about a new explosive, perhaps some kind of nuclear fusion device, or even an antimatter device.\par
The specialist forensic teams had the site cordoned off for months, indicating they knew it was no ordinary explosion.\par
Two hundred and forty one individuals were reported missing the same night, from locations all around Britain. Seven were said to have crumbled to dust in front of observers. Many of their homes were cordoned off by specialist forensic teams.\par
\par
Officially, the police declared that the warehouse had been a terrorist bomb making factory, and the bombers had blown themselves up. The vampire council\rquote s official position was that the Black Prince had tried his hand at magic, conjuring a demon that destroyed him. George was not aware of what the unofficial beliefs were.\par
Britain was visited by a number of powerful vampires from the continent over the next few months. Eventually the master vampire of all Scotland became the master vampire of all Britain. She was a short, wiry woman with long dark hair, dark brown eyes, a skin that George would describe as Greek colouring, and the blue tribal tattoos of one of the clans of the Picts. She was reputed to be as old as the Roman invasion.\par
As the master of all Britain, she gave herself the title \lquote The Black Queen.\rquote  Any vampire wishing to move to Britain had to obtain her permission first. Those who had survived the Black Prince\rquote s death were allowed to remain as they were, since most were vampire families with their own master. They simply acknowledged the new master of masters.\par
No one came to bother George.\par
\par
\par
\par
$$\lang2057\par
\lang3081\par
}
 