{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi283\cf1\f0\fs22 [George is living alone in a large house on the outskirts of London. It is September 1987]\par
\par
\b Fleur\par
\b0 A small girl, perhaps eight or nine, pale skin beneath the dirt, unkempt hair straggling to her shoulders. Her hair might be dark brown, or black. She wears dirty clothes several sizes too large for her. She is skinny to the point of gauntness.\par
The other street kids know her, but they taunt her or avoid her - she is strange, they say. Her family died in a fire, but the street kids say she caused it. She blames herself for it, anyway. They know of two fires around the city that she\rquote s fled from; other homeless people died in them, but not Fleur - she fled, screaming, but untouched by the fires. Several people said she\rquote d been wrapped in flames when she fled. She\rquote s odd, dangerous, keep away.\par
\par
One day, two men and a woman had talked with them, offering money and drugs for any young girls or boys. You don\rquote t sell your friends, but Fleur, she wasn\rquote t a friend, and the money could buy things, and drugs weren\rquote t easy to come by unless you had money, or could get some mark to pay you for sex.\par
Money and drugs changed hands, and the pimps came to collect Fleur. The woman lured the girl into the car with a burger and fries, and the promise of more when they reached home. Once there, she was persuaded to take off her filthy clothes and bathe.\par
For the next few days, she ate, played games, and slept. Then the men came with a movie camera. Two of them held her while the third started removing her clothes and doing things to her. The fourth kept doing things with the camera, while the woman sat there, offering sweets and other things if she just did what the men asked.\par
Fleur wasn\rquote t happy, and when what they were doing started to hurt she told them to stop. When they didn\rquote t, she became angry, and struggled.\par
The two men tried to tie her arms and legs, and Fleur began screaming and kicking. One of the men hit her, hard. Shocked, she stopped for a moment. Then she began panting, harsh gasping noises that didn\rquote t sit well with her small body. She writhed as if she were building to an orgasm. \ldblquote Run!\rdblquote  She gasped, the voice deep, almost masculine. \ldblquote RUN!\rdblquote\par
Bluish flames sprang from various parts of her body, ran across her skin, her hair, while her face turned feral. Fleur screamed, but is wasn\rquote t a human scream. The men holding her barely had time to move away from the bed before the flames coalesced, and exploded. The force took out the windows, lifted the roof, turned the inside of the room into an inferno, and the people into Roman candles. \par
Fleur sprang from the bed and ran from the house, screaming like a banshee and enveloped in bluish flames.\par
* * *\par
Fleur was tired and hungry. She\rquote d grabbed a man\rquote s shirt from a clothes line, so she wasn\rquote t entirely naked, but she was in unfamiliar surroundings. If she\rquote d been in the city, she could have raided restaurant garbage bins, but here was quiet suburbia backing onto woodland. She managed a drink from a backyard tap, but no food. She hadn\rquote t yet reached the stage of trying to steal food from the dogs in the yards.\par
It grew dark, and she made a nest in fallen leaves. She slept fitfully. The woodland noises were different from the city, scary, and she kept waking. There was no one around, but that wasn\rquote t so bad. She didn\rquote t like most people. She began to amuse herself by making blue flames appear from her fingertips.\par
This small thing she could control, but when she was hurt, or angry, or frightened, she lost control. That reminded her that her whole family had died in a house fire, and she cried. It was her fault, she knew that. Fire didn\rquote t hurt her, but it hurt those around her, killed those she loved.\par
She was sobbing softly when a quiet voice asked \ldblquote Hey, girlie, what are you doing?\rdblquote\par
Fleur looked around, her tears stopping. She wasn\rquote t afraid, fire would always protect her. There was a dark shape in a nearby tree, manlike. \ldblquote Sleeping. What are you doing?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hunting for food. I\rquote m hungry. Are you hungry?\rdblquote  It was a man\rquote s voice, but she didn\rquote t think of it as a man.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m hungry. Is there food here? I couldn\rquote t find any.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That depends on what you eat. What do you like?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Burgers, chips, ice cream. And roast beef and potatoes.\rdblquote  Sometimes she dreamed about eating roast beef and potatoes, but she couldn\rquote t remember when she\rquote d last eaten that.\par
\ldblquote Ah, you like human food. You won\rquote t find that here. I thought you might eat something else.\rdblquote  \par
What an odd thing to say, she thought. \ldblquote Why? Don\rquote t you like human food?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You see, you\rquote re not human. I can tell.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What do you mean?\rdblquote  Fleur was curious. \ldblquote  What do you eat?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I can eat human food, and I look like a human, but I\rquote m not. You look human too, but you\rquote re not.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why? I thought I was. What am I then? And what are you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m a vampire, I drink human blood. I thought you were human, that\rquote s why I followed you here. But you\rquote re not human. I don\rquote t know what you are, but you aren\rquote t human.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh. You don\rquote t want to drink my blood then? I\rquote m glad. But I thought I was human.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, you\rquote re not. If you were, you\rquote d be standing at the base of this tree, asking me to drink your blood. Vampires have magical powers, but they don\rquote t work on anyone else who has magical powers. They don\rquote t work on you, so you have magical powers, and you\rquote re not human.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I do? Oh.\rdblquote  Fleur sat up. Somehow she felt comforted by what the vampire had said. She knew about them. \ldblquote Do you know where to find food? I\rquote m starving.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I have human food at home, if you want. Or there\rquote s an all night burger bar we could go to if you prefer burgers. I\rquote ll buy you one. I\rquote m George, by the way.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m Fleur. Pleased to meet you George. I want a burger, and fries. And ice cream. Can we go to the burger bar, George? Please?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote All right. I\rquote m going to jump down now. Don\rquote t be frightened.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m not frightened.\rdblquote\par
George jumped to the ground. He was human looking, with dark hair and eyes, and dressed in black. He held his hands out, palms towards her. \ldblquote I can feel your power. Can you feel mine?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh. How?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hold your hands out, like I am. You should feel a tingling in your palms. That\rquote s how you tell if someone isn\rquote t human.\rdblquote\par
Fleur copied him. \ldblquote Ah, yes! I can feel tingling! I\rquote ve never felt that before.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ll only feel it in the presence of someone with magical powers. A vampire, or werewolf, or whatever you are. Miss Fleur, would you like to accompany me to the burger bar?\rdblquote  He bowed in an old fashioned way.\par
\ldblquote Yes, I\rquote m hungry. Is it far?\rdblquote\par
* * *\par
Along the way, George demonstrated his vampire powers. He stopped a man on the street, and told him \ldblquote Give the girl your overcoat.\rdblquote  The man did as he was told. \ldblquote Now you will forget about us, and go on your way. Do not look back.\rdblquote\par
Fleur protested she didn\rquote t really need the coat, but George pointed out that dressed in only a shirt she was drawing attention to herself. \ldblquote The coat will hide most of your body. People likely won\rquote t notice you don\rquote t have shoes.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Aren\rquote t you going to drink his blood?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, it\rquote s too public, people could see. Besides we\rquote re going to eat burgers and fries.\rdblquote\par
* * *\par
Fleur ate her burger in record time, and George ordered her another one. He asked her about herself, and in between bites, she told him. She was an orphan, living on the streets. Fire was her friend, and sometimes it hurt other people. She offered to show him the blue flames that could come from her fingertips.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t show me here. Never demonstrate your powers in front of humans, it scares them.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I haven\rquote t shown anyone else.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I saw them before, when you were in the woods. You should learn to control your powers, but I\rquote m not the right person to teach you. I don\rquote t know how they work, I only know how my vampire powers work. But I think us non humans should stick together.\rdblquote\par
Fleur nodded. \ldblquote I\rquote m alone. I wish I had a mummy or a daddy. But they\rquote re all dead. They all died in a fire. I killed them.\rdblquote  She looked woebegone, her bottom lip quivering.\par
\ldblquote It may not have been anything to do with you. It might have been your parents, or their enemies.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What do you mean?\rdblquote\par
George smiled. \ldblquote You were born with your powers. That means your parents had similar powers. Or at least one of them did. And their enemies might have caused the fire. What do you remember?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Just that I woke up and there were flames everywhere. I couldn\rquote t see anyone, or hear anyone. They told me to run.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They? You mean the flames? Or your parents?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The flames, they talk to me. I ran out, and the people there told me my family was dead. All of them were dead.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Did you see any of your family?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So you can\rquote t be sure they are all dead. We can always try to find if you have any relatives still alive.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You think we could?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, we can look for them. If you can remember your surname, it will be a good start. We can try to find the date and location of the fire as well. There will be press reports. Then we can go to the government registry office, and see if we can find your birth certificate. That will tell us the names of your parents, and then we can work from there.\rdblquote  George was sounding enthusiastic, but he seemed to know what he was talking about.\par
\ldblquote Do you have any family?\rdblquote  Fleur asked.\par
\ldblquote My family are all dead. I was cutting wood in the forest. This was in Greece, a long time ago. When I returned to my village, it was burning, and my family were all dead. The Turks did that - they killed everyone they could find.\rdblquote  George stopped, looking sad.\par
\ldblquote Greece, that\rquote s not in England, is it?\rdblquote\par
George took time out for a geography lesson, and history lesson. \ldblquote That was about one hundred and eighty years ago now. I still miss them. I\rquote ve been alone most of the time since then.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Wow. You don\rquote t look like an old man. I\rquote ve been alone for a few years. That was a long time for me. Maybe we can be friends?\rdblquote  Fleur asked as if she wasn\rquote t sure what that word meant.\par
\ldblquote Yeah, company, someone to share things with, someone to look out for you. It\rquote s something that happens slowly, and starts small.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You mean like now? Sharing burgers?\rdblquote\par
George nodded. \ldblquote How old are you, Fleur? Do you know when your birthday is?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The fifteenth of August, but I don\rquote t know what year.\rdblquote  \par
After a bit of discussion they decided she was between ten and twelve. She hadn\rquote t started her periods yet. \ldblquote I remember in my village the girls started around twelve or thirteen. You look young, but you act a lot older.\rdblquote  George remarked. \ldblquote That might be because you\rquote ve been living on the streets, or you might really be older than you think.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I guess we need to find my birth thingy, so we know what year I was born.\rdblquote  Fleur shrugged. \ldblquote But it doesn\rquote t matter, does it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hah. If you deal with humans much, they always want to know how old you are, what school you went to, and how much schooling you received.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t like most people.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Humans don\rquote t like us. They can sense we\rquote re not human. That\rquote s why they avoid us. They don\rquote t like us, but they don\rquote t know why. That\rquote s why I said we should stick together.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You won\rquote t drink my blood?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, that\rquote s a promise. I have a spare room too, if you don\rquote t want to sleep in the forest. We can be family, if you like.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That sounds good. Does the room have a bed? Do you have a TV?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes to both. And I can cook food too.\rdblquote  He could cook, because he could still eat human food, it just didn\rquote t satisfy the hunger. He tended to cook things his wife or mother had cooked, but he did have several cook books.\par
\ldblquote Oh! Roast beef and potatoes. Can you cook that?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote For you, I will learn how. Maybe we can cook it together.\rdblquote\par
* * *\par
Fleur moved in with George the vampire. He made nice food for her, she had her own room, with a real bed, and George paid for clothes that fitted and other things she wanted or needed, and treated her like his daughter.\par
Fleur couldn\rquote t remember her surname, which made it impossible to find her birth certificate. However, George knew a vampire who worked at the registry office, and procured some papers that showed Fleur was his niece.\par
\ldblquote Does that mean I have to call you uncle?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Only if you want. George will do. Now we have this, we can arrange for you to go to school.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why do I have to go to school?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I went to school when I was your age. That\rquote s how you learn to read and write. I even go to school every few years to learn new things. When you grow up, you will need a job that gives you money to buy things. And you can\rquote t get that without schooling. You have to try to blend in with humans, otherwise they hunt us down and kill us.\rdblquote\par
There were no previous school records, but George told most of the truth, saying Fleur had lived on the street for several years after her parents had died. \ldblquote She fell through the system because they couldn\rquote t find me. I\rquote m trying to make that up.\rdblquote  That elicited sympathy, and the idea that they should not question her closely. In the months before the school year started George arranged for special tutoring. At the end of that, Fleur would sit exams to determine in which year she would start.\par
Over the next few months they adapted to one another, and grew to be a family. George relished having a child about the house, the first since he\rquote d lost his own family. He felt Fleur was helping him regain his humanity.\par
\par
$$ Conclusion for Part 1 As Stand alone.\par
George realised his parenting knowledge was antiquated, but by and large he treated Fleur as an adult, and consulted her about any decisions. They were both fairly happy with the arrangement.\par
He was careful to avoid angering her. She\rquote d told him about the pornographers, and the fire. He couldn\rquote t help wondering if he had a ticking bomb under his roof. Would she explode into flames one day at school, because some idiot bullied her?\par
\par
[1988, august. Fleur is starting school]\par
\par
\lang3081\b Melody Waters\par
\b0 Fleur made a friend on her first day at school. \ldblquote We just clicked, George. She\rquote s not human, I\rquote m sure of it. I could feel her powers.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I think that\rquote s good. You need a friend at school, but it\rquote s best if she is non human. Maybe you could invite her here one day, when I\rquote m not working. I\rquote d like to see her for myself. Maybe we could bake a cake or something.\rdblquote  And I can check her out, make sure she will be a good influence.\par
\par
A week later, Fleur came home from school, bringing Melody with her. She was a slight girl, milky skinned, with long black tresses and green eyes. Her breasts were budding, and she looked a year or two older than Fleur, though she was in the same year as Fleur.\par
George felt her power prickling in his palms as soon as she walked in the door. \ldblquote Glad you could make it. We baked a cake, I hope you like it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m sure I will, George.\rdblquote  Melody smiled. \par
Fleur led the way into the kitchen. \ldblquote I\rquote ll put the kettle on. George and I made the cake together. Did I tell you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s good that George is teaching you how to be human.\rdblquote  Melody sat at the table. \ldblquote We all need to learn that. Humans can sense we\rquote re different.\rdblquote\par
George set out plates, cups and utensils. \ldblquote I\rquote m glad Fleur has found someone like her at school. We were both worried about her being alone with a bunch of humans.\rdblquote\par
Melody laughed, a pleasant sound. \ldblquote We saw each other across a room, and we both knew immediately that the other wasn\rquote t human.\rdblquote  She sounded Welsh. \ldblquote Of course we\rquote ll be friends, and I\rquote ll look out for her.\rdblquote  George found himself warming to her.\par
\ldblquote Melody, I can feel your power, but I\rquote m not sure what you are. Do you know?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ah, George, you started life as a human.\rdblquote  Melody\rquote s head darted around like a bird\rquote s. \ldblquote You\rquote ve met vampires are werewolves, but little else. I\rquote m an elf, and I need to get my \lquote O\rquote  levels.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Isn\rquote t that great?\rdblquote  Fleur exclaimed. \ldblquote Mel\rquote s a real live elf!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Are there many elves still in Britain, or even Europe?\rdblquote  George asked.\par
\ldblquote We can still be found in the wild places. Some of us have moved to the towns. Humans are none the wiser. We can safeguard the wild places better from within human society.\rdblquote\par
George laughed. \ldblquote I\rquote ve noticed there\rquote s been a rash of vampire books come out recently, all trying to make humans like vampires, to see us as sexy. I thought some of the authors might actually be vampires.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It wouldn\rquote t surprise me.\rdblquote  Melody replied. \ldblquote There will come a time when you can no longer hide, so giving them good press is quite likely part of the plan. I know there are a few amongst the elves who support coming out. How did you and Fleur meet?\rdblquote\par
George and Fleur explained, while Fleur made tea. George cut the cake, adding \ldblquote Fleur did a really good job with the icing.\rdblquote\par
Fleur smiled happily, and poured the tea. Melody took hers black, as did George. Fleur added milk to her tea. \ldblquote George isn\rquote t sure what I am. Tell him what you think, Mels.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I would guess you\rquote re a fire elemental. I thought they\rquote d all died out.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What are they?\rdblquote  George asked.\par
\ldblquote They are relatives to elves. Their main power is fire. They grow and age slowly, like elves. So Fleur, you will live many times longer than humans, and look young for centuries.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s good, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  \par
\ldblquote Of course!  But you are also fortunate that George will live a long time as well. There is nothing worse that watching someone you love grow old and die, while you remain young, and live on.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That would be horrid. Wouldn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  Fleur took a bite of cake.\par
\ldblquote Mmm.\rdblquote  Melody nodded agreement. \ldblquote You told me that George could not find your birth certificate. You might be a foundling, which means your parents weren\rquote t your real parents anyway. They might have found you as a baby, or small child.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote A foundling?\rdblquote  Fleur asked.\par
\ldblquote Yes, I suspect something killed your real parents, and you were left where humans could find you. Whatever killed your parents tracked you down, and tried to kill you. They killed your foster family.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh my god! That means they could still be out there, looking for me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I think we should all assume something is looking for you.\rdblquote  Melody interrupted. \ldblquote But they may think you died in the same fire. That was years ago, they haven\rquote t tracked you down yet. George and I can keep you safe. You need to learn how to control your powers, though.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Would you know something about that?\rdblquote  George asked hopefully.\par
Melody smiled in a way that made her look mature. \ldblquote Yes, George, I know a little about fire magic, I\rquote m sure I can teach Fleur what I know. I\rquote d be glad to.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, that\rquote s super!\rdblquote  Fleur exclaimed. \ldblquote I\rquote m so glad I met you.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Thank you, Melody.\rdblquote  George replied. Melody is a mature woman, he thought, pretending to be a teenager. Is she the one hunting Fleur? Unlikely, if she wanted Fleur dead, she could have killed her already.\par
They chatted, and Melody asked George questions about his history. \ldblquote I know you\rquote re a vampire, and I know you\rquote re at least a hundred and fifty years old. How did you become a vampire?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Closer to one hundred and eighty.\rdblquote   George explained that after the death of his family at the hands of the Turks, he\rquote d met a man in the forest who promised to help him get revenge. That man was a vampire, and had turned George into one. They\rquote d killed many Turks, but later the small band of vampires preyed on their fellow Greeks, killing them. George had killed the vampires, then fled, working his way from Greece across Europe, until he arrived in England before world war one. \ldblquote I worked out early that if I took a small amount of blood from several victims, none would sicken or die. I could then move on. I can eat normal human food, but every week or so I need blood. These days I work as a nurse in the hospital blood bank, so I can warm up a pint for myself if I need blood. That way I don\rquote t have to attack anyone.\rdblquote  That wasn\rquote t strictly true. He needed life force, but he\rquote d found he could take that from the patients in the cancer ward, in return for alleviating their suffering. He didn\rquote t feel like admitting that, though.\par
\ldblquote I am happy that you avoid attacking people. You\rquote re not like most vampires, you still have your morals, your ethics. You will be a good parent to Fleur.\rdblquote\par
A little later Fleur went to the toilet. George asked quietly \ldblquote How old are you, Melody? You don\rquote t talk like a teenager.\rdblquote\par
Melody smiled archly. \ldblquote Don\rquote t tell Fleur, but I think I\rquote m older than you. As I said, I need my \lquote O\rquote  levels, so I am Melody Waters, thirteen year old human girl. And don\rquote t think to make a pass at me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No. Fleur is my family now. I am finally content, the first time since I lost my own family. I want Fleur to feel she has a home here with me, and help her to grow into an adult.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Then you and I can be friends. I will do what I can to help Fleur. And George, it is possible that Fleur\rquote s real parents are not dead, and are seeking her. Do not tell her that, though, I don\rquote t want her to have false hopes.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How long can Fleur live? For that matter, how long can I live? I know some vampires are over a thousand years old.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote All of us are magical beings. We don\rquote t age, but we can die. In your case, if you can keep replenishing your energy, you could stay young forever.\rdblquote  Melody leaned forward. \ldblquote It is important that you always plan ahead for at least the next hundred years. We all need human identities, we all need up to date education, and jobs to provide us with money. George, I might be able to help you and Fleur with this.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Uh, thanks. I already know some vampires at the records office.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I am not sure how much you can trust your fellow vampires. Most of them regard humans as food. They may not have your or Fleur\rquote s best interests at heart.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I take your point.\rdblquote\par
Fleur returned. \ldblquote I hope you guys weren\rquote t talking about me.\rdblquote\par
$$\par
\b Lessons\par
\b0 Twice each week, Melody would take Fleur for a lesson in magic, or sorcery, as she termed it. Usually this was after school, and they would arrive home in time for dinner. Fleur would always tell George what they did.\par
[If George worked an early shift, or had the day off, he might have baked a roast for dinner, or a hearty casserole. If George worked an evening shift, there would be a cooked casserole in the refrigerator for the girls to heat up. If George worked a day shift, he\rquote d usually prepare something quick, like chops or sausages, with salad if he could find the right vegetables, or steamed vegetables otherwise. Sometimes he was late, or the girls arrived home first, in which case they would start to cook. Fleur was learning, but Melody was an accomplished cook.]\par
From time to time, Melody would invite George to accompany them for a lesson. On these occasions he always learned something new.\par
Melody led them on a track into the woods that George knew well, one that led to a small clearing. They came to the storm blasted oak, and Melody led them off the track, ducking under the oak branches and onto a track George did not know.\par
The track widened, and Melody turned to George, \ldblquote Open your vampire senses. What can you sense?\rdblquote\par
George didn\rquote t have to do anything, his vampire senses were always active. \ldblquote Living things. Thousands of small living things, and a few larger ones. No humans though, just you two, the brightest things around. It\rquote s odd though, I don\rquote t sense the estate, there\rquote s always humans there, I should be able to sense them.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s good that you\rquote re awake. Fleur, what can you sense?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Living things, yes, but there are other energies - earth, water, wind and fire.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s very good Fleur. George, you sense life energy because that is what you hunt. But our mother earth has four energies we can sense and use. Fleur and I can feel and draw on those energies. I believe you can too.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Is fire from the earth?\rdblquote  George was puzzled. \ldblquote I would have thought it was from the sun.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Many humans make that mistake. The sun is very far away. We stand on mother earth, and she has fire in her belly. Wind and water touch her.\rdblquote\par
They came to a truly massive oak, one that George was sure he would have seen before, but couldn\rquote t remember ever having seen it. \ldblquote Where are we? I don\rquote t recognise this part of the woods.\rdblquote\par
Melody laughed mischievously. \ldblquote We are beyond the fields you know. Can you sense the life force in that tree?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, it is quite strong.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Can you use that energy? There is more there than in several human victims.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t know, I\rquote ve never considered it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I suggest that you do. Tell me, George, how satisfying is a pint of blood from the blood bank?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It isn\rquote t really.\rdblquote  George shook his head. \ldblquote It stops me from attacking someone, but that\rquote s about it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, you have to go out hunting later. I have been explaining this to Fleur. Your bloodlust isn\rquote t really for blood. Your body can survive quite well on human food, but it will grow old and die without additional energy. When you hunt down a victim, you drink some of their blood, and you drain their life force.\rdblquote  \par
George looked at Melody. Fleur was nodding. \ldblquote There might be something in what you say. I hunt criminals and riff raff, they\rquote re easy to find in seedier parts of town. I don\rquote t kill them, but I do feed on them.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, but the hunger isn\rquote t easily satisfied. Try drawing energy from that tree, you know how to do it. Blood isn\rquote t necessary. Try it.\rdblquote\par
George looked at the two girls, or rather the woman and Fleur. Fleur was smiling encouragingly, Melody was looking earnest. \ldblquote You want me to what? Hug the tree?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No George, we want you to behave like a vampire with your kill, and take energy from the tree.\rdblquote\par
George shook his head. \ldblquote You\rquote re crazy, Melody.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Crazy? You can sense the energy, George. You feed on energy when you catch a victim. Here is your victim, begging you to drink her energy. That\rquote s all you have to do.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, I can\rquote t...\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You mean you won\rquote t. If you won\rquote t do it for yourself, and your morals, then do it for Fleur. Don\rquote t disappoint her.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Please George.\rdblquote  Fleur made pleading eyes at him. \ldblquote I\rquote m sure you can do it.\rdblquote\par
George nodded slowly. \ldblquote All right, just for you, Fleur.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t try, George, do.\rdblquote  Melody ordered. \ldblquote Do it now.\rdblquote\par
That last was an order he couldn\rquote t disobey. Melody seemed to be able to compel a master vampire, which was a little shocking. He stepped away from the two girls, feeling the hunger rise. It wanted Fleur, or Melody. No, they will kill you. Here is your victim. He stared at the tree, feeling its energy, letting the hunger rise. His eyes bled to black, and he sprang at the tree with preternatural speed. \par
He almost bit the bark, but he stopped himself in time. He didn\rquote t know how to take energy from his victims, but the hunger did. Wave after slow wave of some powerful energy washed over him, through him. Something inside was stretching, filling with energy. Then, the flow shut down. The hunger wasn\rquote t satisfied, but this was the same as not killing a victim, just draining what they could give.\par
\ldblquote Now thank the tree, George.\rdblquote  Melody ordered.\par
George surprised himself by thanking the tree for its gift. \ldblquote It worked.\rdblquote  He remarked as he turned to face the two girls. \ldblquote It\rquote s almost like feeding on a human, only slower, gentler.\rdblquote\par
Fleur\rquote s eyes were shining. \ldblquote I\rquote m proud of you, George.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How do you feel, George?\rdblquote  Melody asked.\par
\ldblquote The hunger is still there, but this was a meal.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You are running on empty, George. Your adherence to your morals has weakened you, because you haven\rquote t fed as you need. This tree gave you what it could spare. You could go through the forest, taking a little from every tree, and you would not be hungry. You don\rquote t need to be hungry again. But remember, take only what is given willingly.\rdblquote\par
George nodded, surprised. He felt better than he had for days, since the last time he had caught two muggers, in fact. \ldblquote Okay, Melody, you\rquote ve convinced me. I should go for a walk in the woods every night, and see what the trees will give me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Believe me, you\rquote ll feel better if you do. Now, let\rquote s keep walking.\rdblquote  Melody led off, Fleur hugged George before they followed. Melody led them along a meandering path that took them to a large clearing, with a tall beech tree in the centre. A babbling brook ran along the far side, and near that was a flat rock about the size of a table. Fleur and Melody stood on the rock.\par
George looked around in shock. \ldblquote There\rquote s nothing like this in the woods. Where are we?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We\rquote re in Faerie land.\rdblquote  Fleur replied. \ldblquote Mels knows the way.\rdblquote\par
Melody smiled mischievously. \ldblquote When we ducked under the branches of the blasted oak, we left the fields you know. You can\rquote t feel the humans in the estate because here there is no estate. This is part of the Faerie realm, and Fleur and I come here to practice magic, where no human can see us.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Mels says I can learn to come here by myself.\rdblquote  Fleur exclaimed.\par
\ldblquote It will take a few years to master this skill, there are other skills you should learn first. But, with sufficient power, there is no reason why you can\rquote t come here yourself.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What about me?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t know, George. Elves can do this, so Fleur can learn. You\rquote re a human who became a vampire. I don\rquote t know of any vampire who can do this, I don\rquote t know of any elf trying to teach a vampire. Let us see what you can learn. I make no promises, but I haven\rquote t ruled out teaching you when you are ready.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Can I show him now?\rdblquote  Fleur asked.\par
\ldblquote We\rquote ll give you some room.\rdblquote  Melody replied. She led George about ten paces away. \ldblquote She will show you some exercises we teach children. We are ready, Fleur.\rdblquote\par
The girl stood still for several moments, then stepped sideways, feet apart, knees bent. She reached down, and George thought she was miming pulling a bucket of water from a well. The ground shook briefly. Then she brought her hands to chest height, and stretched them slowly out. The trees on either side of the clearing swayed as if some huge wind were lashing them. At the extremity of her stretch she shook her hands and then brought the swiftly to her chest. This time she pressed down slowly. Partway through the ground started trembling beneath their feet.\par
George took in Melody\rquote s smile, and asked, \ldblquote Is she doing that?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, George, she is using earth magic, the power of mother earth. Before was wind, next will be fire.\par
Fleur was crouching down. Now she sprang up, dancing swiftly about the rock. She stopped, hands held out at shoulder height. Both hands burst into bluish fire. The tongues of flame ran down her arms and crawled across her head. She spun once swiftly, becoming entirely enveloped in flames.\par
\ldblquote Is she all right?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Perfectly. Fleur is very strong. Without training she would be very dangerous.\rdblquote\par
Fleur stretched her arms up, and the flames roared hundreds of feet into the air. \ldblquote Imagine that happening inside a building. Imagine that happening at school, all because someone taunted her.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I didn\rquote t realise.\rdblquote\par
Melody snorted. \ldblquote She told you what happened when those men tried to sexually assault her.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But that was extreme provocation. I thought she could control it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote She can now. Fire is her strongest, water her weakest. Watch.\rdblquote\par
Fleur brought her arms down, spinning once more, while the flames sank and vanished. A mist gathered about her, partially obscuring her. She spread her arms wide, and the mist vanished. Fleur was beaming.\par
\ldblquote Very good, Fleur, very good.\rdblquote  Melody complimented her.\par
George wasn\rquote t certain what to say, settling for \ldblquote I\rquote m impressed! I\rquote m proud of you, Fleur. I just wish I could learn to do things like that.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That depends on whether you can draw energy from mother earth.\rdblquote  Melody replied, leading George back to the slab on which Fleur stood.\par
\ldblquote I know you can do magic, or sorcery, but since you can\rquote t draw energy from the earth, your abilities are limited. You\rquote ve fed from the tree, would you like to show Fleur what you can do?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, I\rquote m stronger than a human, but Fleur already knows that. I can influence the minds of humans, but I can\rquote t influence you two. I can heal quickly, but I\rquote d rather not demonstrate that. I can move fast. Let\rquote s see.\rdblquote  His eyes changed colour, and he ran across the clearing in a blur. When he stopped, he rose into the air, and floated back across the clearing. \ldblquote I can probably carry both of you, if I need. But you\rquote re right, Melody, doing this sort of stuff tires me out. I will need to feed to replace what I\rquote ve used up.\rdblquote  George settled on the ground, and his eyes returned to normal.\par
\ldblquote Well George, you can feed from the trees around you. If you could sense the energy of mother earth you could draw on that. Any elf can sense those energies, Fleur was born with that ability. I\rquote m not sure what to do to allow you to sense them.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You said I can give him energy.\rdblquote  Fleur said. \ldblquote I can draw in whatever I need and give it to George.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, but that will be like charging a battery.\rdblquote  Melody countered. \ldblquote He\rquote ll fill up, and then he\rquote ll run down over the next few days.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, you can\rquote t do that.\rdblquote  George objected. \ldblquote I won\rquote t let you feed me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why, George, I\rquote m happy to do this for you.\rdblquote\par
When George objected again, Melody ordered \ldblquote Why George? Tell us why you object.\rdblquote\par
That was a compulsion he could not fight. \ldblquote I made a promise to Ana, my dead wife, when I first took Fleur in, that I would never abuse her in any way. I know what I\rquote m capable of, she was my chance not to behave that way. My chance to atone for some of the things I\rquote ve done.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But I want to ...\rdblquote  Fleur began to protest.\par
\ldblquote Hush, child. Let me handle this.\rdblquote  Melody stopped her. She\rquote s an adult, with a child\rquote s body, George thought. Melody turned to face him. \ldblquote Yes George, I am an elf, remember?\rdblquote  she remarked softly. Then she spoke louder. \ldblquote Your promise is commendable, George, but it doesn\rquote t apply to what we are discussing. Come closer, hold your hands out, palms facing me.\rdblquote\par
George did as he was ordered. Melody continued \ldblquote Now, Fleur and I are able to draw energy from the earth upon which we stand, and from the air we breathe. You apparently cannot. What we are discussing is drawing energy, and then passing some of it to you.\rdblquote  She held her hands out, palms facing George\rquote s. \ldblquote You sense my power. What do you make of this?\rdblquote\par
It happened as swiftly as if she had turned on a tap. It felt like warm water was flowing up the inside of his left arm, and into his body, swirling around. Something inside him was soaking it up like a sponge, and starting to swell. His left hand felt hot, his right hand felt cold. It was like the tree, only better, more fulfilling. It was like feeding, but without the blood. George felt himself becoming more alert, feeling as if he could spring into the air and reach the tree tops.\par
Melody stepped back, making a flicking motion with her fingers. The flow stopped abruptly. \ldblquote Don\rquote t stop, I was enjoying that.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I thought you might.\rdblquote  Melody\rquote s look was almost a smirk. \ldblquote You will not object if Fleur does the same?\rdblquote  It was almost a statement.\par
George took in Fleur\rquote s hopeful look, and smiled. \ldblquote All right, Fleur, your turn.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Start slowly Fleur.\rdblquote  Melody admonished. \ldblquote Too much could burn him.\rdblquote\par
Fleur held her palms about an inch from George\rquote s. It started as a gentle warmth, grew to a buzzing sharp heat that stopped short of pain. Melody\rquote s energy had felt like water, Fleur\rquote s felt like electricity. Fleur was smiling happily, looking at George\rquote s eyes and face. What ever it was that was absorbing Fleur\rquote s energies was stretching, expanding out through his entire body. A buzzing warmth went with it.\par
The energy stretched to his fingertips, reached down to his toes, and into his head. Rhythmic pulsations began running from his head to his feet, then back again. All of a sudden, it was as if something filled and overflowed. Energy rushed up his spine and out the top of his head in one gigantic orgasmic rush. His body was pinned by the energies, unable to move away, as wave after wave of orgasmic rush crashed through him. What ever it was flashed out of his right fingertips and into Fleur, setting her off. He couldn\rquote t say how long they stood there, experiencing some sort of rapture.\par
The flow dampened, shut off. George sagged, recovering his wits, and Fleur hugged him in a bear hug. Instinct put his arms about her slender body. She was looking up at him, rapturous smile on her face, and tears streaming. Her mouth was working, but nothing was coming out. George found himself panting.\par
\ldblquote Oh George! That was wonderful! That was so wonderful!\rdblquote  He heard Fleur say.\par
\ldblquote Wow!\rdblquote  George managed. \ldblquote That was some rush!\rdblquote\par
Fleur called out \ldblquote Mels, did you know that would happen?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I knew that it might happen, not that it would. George, you are filled to overflowing, and you have made Fleur very happy. Can I suggest the two of you do that at least once a week, possibly twice. It will keep your hunger in check.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Can we do this again, George? Can we, please?\rdblquote\par
George picked her up, swung her around. \ldblquote I\rquote d love to, Fleur. I want to make you happy.\rdblquote  George was feeling light, powerful, as if he could push trees over.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve never felt anything like that, have you Mels?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I have experienced that before, Fleur. Some elves describe it as better than sex.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote d have to agree.\rdblquote  George said.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve never really had sex.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s over-rated.\rdblquote  George replied.\par
Melody looked at the two of them. \ldblquote If you know how, you can achieve the same results with sex. But that does require training, and practice.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I hope you\rquote re not suggesting...\rdblquote  George began.\par
\ldblquote George, right now, Fleur is young, and you are her guardian. Sex between the two of you would be improper. However, both of you will live a very long time, excluding accidents. You won\rquote t always be her guardian. Physically you are not related. You don\rquote t have to do anything, but you don\rquote t have to rule it out either. In Elf society, you can find people who are, say, great great grandfather and grand daughter by one line, uncle and niece by a second, and cousins by a third line. Relationships can be very complex. In the meantime, both of you should learn what you can about sorcery. And Fleur, you and I have to get our \lquote O\rquote  levels.\rdblquote  Melody smiled like a young girl.\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s right, we have to do an assignment today.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, and we are going to help George cook something nice for dinner. And maybe he can help us with our assignment. We should get back, it will rain soon back home.\rdblquote\par
Melody was right. They walked to the blasted oak in sunshine, and as they ducked under the low boughs the sky became leaden, and it started to drizzle.\par
\par
\par
\b Their First Christmas\b0  \par
George had been reading Fleur bible stores from a primer for children. She wanted to go to church for Christmas. \par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve never been, George. Wouldn\rquote t it be nice to go?\rdblquote\par
George looked sad. \ldblquote I used to go every week. Back in my village, back before I became a vampire. Back then I thought it was often boring, but I miss it now.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why don\rquote t you go these days?\rdblquote\par
George\rquote s eyes went all watery. \ldblquote I think God is angry I became a Vampire. He won\rquote t let me enter any church.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh.\rdblquote  The girl thought about it. \ldblquote Isn\rquote t Jesus supposed to forgive our sins? Have you asked him?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, often. But to become a vampire is to be damned, the priests told me. It\rquote s too big a sin for even God to forgive, they said.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why talk to priests? Don\rquote t you just talk to God and Jesus directly? That\rquote s what you tell me to do.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I do, but so far He hasn\rquote t forgiven me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Maybe there\rquote s something you need to do.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I think you\rquote re right, but so far he hasn\rquote t told me what it is.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Maybe he\rquote ll let you in with me? Can we go, George? Please.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We\rquote ll go. Dress warmly.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t feel the cold. But I\rquote ll put on my coat.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Neither do I, but humans will notice us.\rdblquote\par
They both put on coats and made their way on foot to the late night service at the nearby church. Snow was falling lightly, but there were still people around. Fleur was excited, George was happy for her, but inside his heart was heavy.\par
As they neared the church doors, George\rquote s skin began to prickle. Another step and it was burning as if someone were passing a lighted flame over his skin. He jumped back.\par
\ldblquote Sorry, Fleur, I can\rquote t go any closer. I\rquote ll burn.\rdblquote  He explained his sensations, adding, \ldblquote Back when I first became a vampire, one of the group attacked a priest on his way home from the church. The priest held his cross against the vampire. It gave him burns all the way to the bones. He never healed.\rdblquote\par
Fleur hugged him. \ldblquote Oh, my poor George. We have to find a way to fix this.\rdblquote\par
George\rquote s heart felt like it was breaking. God, you won\rquote t even let me take Fleur into a church! I want to give her a decent upbringing, damn me if you want, but don\rquote t damn her! I\rquote ve lost everything including my soul, and Fleur was the one glimpse of hope left. I want to set her on the right path, and you put road blocks in my way. It\rquote s not fair!\par
George might have made an angry outburst, but he had to set an example for Fleur. He calmed himself, found his voice. \ldblquote You go in, I\rquote ll wait for you here.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, George. I\rquote ll wait outside with you. If he doesn\rquote t want you, he doesn\rquote t want me.\rdblquote  She tilted her face back. It was still a child\rquote s face, but it showed determination. \ldblquote Do you hear me, God? I won\rquote t go into a church until you let George in. He\rquote s good, so you better find a way to let him in.\rdblquote  Blue flame flickered across her face as she made her threat.\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t think you\rquote re supposed to threaten God, but thanks. We can hear it out here, we\rquote ll stay until it finishes.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote All right George. Let\rquote s listen to the singing. It\rquote s nice.\rdblquote  Fleur reached out and took his hand.\par
George stood there stony faced, but tears trickled down his cheeks.\par
\par
\par
$$\par
\par
\b Other Notes\par
\b0 The three have several adventures while Fleur is growing up.\par
\par
\par
Fleur and Melody go to university. Fleur does IT, Melody does accounting. Melody takes Fleur to see the pattern, and walk it, so she can master shadow walking.\par
\par
George rescues, but does not save, Larissa, who becomes a friendly ghost. They hunt down her killers, and encounter some Unseelie Sidhe who have sided with the vampires who killed Larissa.\par
\par
They land jobs, but the next summer they take off together on a tour of Europe. They return once a week to feed George, walking through shadow. \par
\par
During this time George rescues Michael, the werewolf. Some months later, Michael is dating Susan, who becomes a werewolf by accident, and then moves in with Michael.\par
\par
There is a big story arc about Christians trying to cure the werewolves and kill George, Fleur killing some vampires that attack Susan, and both vampires and werewolves trying to kill them all. Fleur destroys the Black Prince, and most of the vampires in England.\par
\par
To escape, George, Michael and Susan migrate to Australia. Fleur and Melody visit, and eventually decide to migrate a  well.\par
\par
It is at this time that they meet Danny, Nalini, Saodat and the girls.\par
\par
 \par
$$ \par
}
 