{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0 Roman-PS;}{\f1\froman\fcharset0 Sans-PS;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Wingdings;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Symbol;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;
\red0\green127\blue0;\red127\green0\blue127;\red127\green0\blue0;\red127\green127\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;\red192\green192\blue192;\red230\green230\blue230;\red204\green204\blue204;\red179\green179\blue179;
\red153\green153\blue153;\red127\green127\blue127;\red102\green102\blue102;\red77\green77\blue77;\red51\green51\blue51;}{\stylesheet {\s1\ltrpar\ql\li0\ri0\fi0\level0\sb0\sa0\sbauto0\saauto0\nowidctlpar\sl0\hyphpar1\brsp60\brsp60
\brsp60\brsp60\rtlch\af0\afs20\alang2057\ltrch\dbch\af0\afs20\alang2057\hich\af0\afs20\alang2057\loch\f0\fs20\cf1\up0\charscalex100\expndtw0\b0\scaps0\ulnone\i0\kerning1\strike0\v0\caps0\lang2057\highlight0\snext1 Normal;
}{\s2\ltrpar\ql\li0\ri0\fi0\level1\sb240\sa60\sbauto0\saauto0\nowidctlpar\sl0\keepn\hyphpar1\keep\brsp60\brsp60\brsp60\brsp60\rtlch\af1\afs36\alang2057\ab\ltrch\dbch\af1\afs36\alang2057\ab\hich\af1\afs36\alang2057\ab\loch
\f1\fs36\cf1\up0\charscalex100\expndtw0\b1\scaps0\ulnone\i0\kerning1\strike0\v0\caps0\lang2057\highlight0\sbasedon1\snext1 Heading 1;}{\s3\ltrpar\ql\li0\ri0\fi0\level2\sb240\sa60\sbauto0\saauto0\nowidctlpar\sl0\keepn\hyphpar1
\keep\brsp60\brsp60\brsp60\brsp60\rtlch\af1\afs32\alang2057\ab\ltrch\dbch\af1\afs32\alang2057\ab\hich\af1\afs32\alang2057\ab\loch\f1\fs32\cf1\up0\charscalex100\expndtw0\b1\scaps0\ulnone\i0\kerning1\strike0\v0\caps0\lang2057\highlight0
\sbasedon2\snext1 Heading 2;}{\s4\ltrpar\ql\li0\ri0\fi0\level3\sb240\sa60\sbauto0\saauto0\nowidctlpar\sl0\keepn\hyphpar1\keep\brsp60\brsp60\brsp60\brsp60\rtlch\af1\afs28\alang2057\ab\ltrch\dbch\af1\afs28\alang2057\ab\hich
\af1\afs28\alang2057\ab\loch\f1\fs28\cf1\up0\charscalex100\expndtw0\b1\scaps0\ulnone\i0\kerning1\strike0\v0\caps0\lang2057\highlight0\sbasedon3\snext1 Heading 3;}{\*\cs5\rtlch\af0\afs24\alang2057\ltrch\dbch\af0\afs24\alang2057
\hich\af0\afs20\alang2057\loch\f0\fs20\cf1\up0\charscalex100\expndtw0\b0\scaps0\ulnone\i0\kerning1\strike0\v0\caps0\lang2057 Normal;}}{\*\revtbl {Unknown;}}\deflang2057\widowctrl\gutter0\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1418\margr1418
\margt1418\margb1134\sectd\sbkpage\guttersxn0\vertalt\ltrpar\pard\ltrpar\s1\ql\li0\ri0\fi300\level0\sb0\sa0\sbauto0\saauto0\nowidctlpar\sl0\hyphpar0\brsp60\brsp60\brsp60\brsp60\rtlch\af2\afs22\alang3081\ab\ltrch\dbch\af2\afs22
\alang3081\ab\hich\af2\afs22\alang3081\ab\loch\f2\fs22\cf1\up0\charscalex100\expndtw0\b1\scaps0\ulnone\i0\kerning0\strike0\v0\caps0\lang3081\highlight0 George, Michael and Susan Arrive.\rtlch\af2\afs22\alang3081\ab\ltrch\dbch
\af2\afs22\alang2057\ab\hich\af2\afs22\alang3081\loch\b0\par
The weekend after the marriage proposal, a week after Loukia\rtlch\af2\afs22\alang3081\ab\ltrch\dbch\af2\afs22\alang2057\ab\hich\af2\afs22\alang3081\loch\u8217\'92s 21st.\par
Cast:\par
Danny, Nalini - 2 braids, pearl rope in each, jewelled combs\par
Katya - shorter braids, like Nalini\par
Danila - black bob, red streaks, 2 little tails like young Japanese girl.\par
Saodat - edgy cut, short on one side, long on other. Black.\par
Luke & Elanor\par
Philip & Liz\par
Ren\'e9, Colette & Pierre\par
Mifunwi, Red Raven\par
Grey Wolf\par
George, Michael, Susan\par
Durathror & Ra\u8217\'92anor\par
\par
Later: Fleur and Melody\par
(20) \par
\par
The doorbell rang, and I went to open it. George stood there all in black - black jeans, black t-shirt, black boots, his curly black hair pushed behind his ears. He wore dark sunglasses. There was no mistaking his Greek h
eritage. Michael stood there in blue jeans, white t-shirt and sneakers. He had short brown hair and freckles. With them was a slim girl with a blonde bob, dressed similarly to Michael, but wearing a gold chain and lipstic
k. She\u8217\'92d be the only one wearing makeup.\par
\u8220\'93This is the right place then.\u8221\'94 George remarked. \u8220\'93No cars outside.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Everybody walked. Come in.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93This is my girlfriend Susan.\u8221\'94 Michael introduced us.\par
\u8220\'93Yes, you were at Loukia\u8217\'92s party. I think we said hello.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93I work with her, I\u8217\'92m a nurse. Michael said you could help him with his condition.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Yes, one of our friends  ...\u8221\'94\par
Danila ran up to the door. \u8220\'93Hi, which one is werewolf?\u8221\'94 She interrupted in heavy English. Yesterday her hair had been cut into a bob with red streaks added, and today she had tied two tufts in the back a
t the top, like a young Japanese girl. She had decorated them with two clips in the shape of butterflies. There were ruby studs in her earlobes.\par
\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not very polite, Danila, you should wait till you\u8217\'92re introduced. This is our daughter Danila, she\u8217\'92s fourteen, and still learning English.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Sorry, I never meet, er met, werewolf. Tata, can you fix translation spell?\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93All right.\u8221\'94 I placed my hands on her shoulders and activated the spell, while I said the names of our guests. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s done, our guests will hear you speak English. Just be careful not to
 think too hard, everyone will hear you.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Thanks dad. Please, which one of you is the werewolf?\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s neat.\u8221\'94 George remarked. \u8220\'93I can hear her speaking a Slavic language, and I can hear her speaking Greek.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Sorcery, it\u8217\'92s a mild telepathy thingy.\u8221\'94 Danila replied.\par
\u8220\'93I can hear her speaking English, but I can also hear her speaking Bulgarian or Yugoslav.\u8221\'94 Michael replied. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m the werewolf.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93We both are.\u8221\'94 Susan added.\par
\u8220\'93O..kay, then you\u8217\'92ll both need training. Please follow me, I\u8217\'92ll take you to where all the others are.\u8221\'94\par
Along the way, George handed me a supermarket bag containing two bottles of red wine. \u8220\'93Take these please. I like them, so I hope you guys will.\u8221\'94 They were bottles of Greek red wine.\par
\u8220\'93Thanks, I\u8217\'92ll put them on the kitchen bench on the way past.\u8221\'94 We reached the kitchen, and I placed the bottles on the raised bench top that divided the dining area from the kitchen area, and hid
 most of the kitchen benches. I introduced everybody. Nalini was making pakoras on part of the bench, Mifunwi was making samosas nearby, both rolling filling into pastry parcels, Elanor and Katya were making chicken schni
tzels by coating them with egg, flour and bread crumbs, and piling them on a tray. \par
Nalini was wearing two gold hoops in each ear, a diamond stud in her nose, and her long black hair was braided into two braids, each with a string of pearls twisted in. She had jewelled combs set just above where each bra
id started. She was dressed in jeans and t-shirt, and wearing an apron. \par
Last weekend Katya had bleached her shorter brown hair white with black streaks for Loukia\u8217\'92s party, yesterday she dyed black with red streaks. Today she had braided it similarly to Nalini\u8217\'92s. There were s
apphire studs in her earlobes, and she was dressed in jeans and t-shirt, and apron. \par
Elanor\u8217\'92s hair was piled on top of her head, with jewelled combs and a pair of chopsticks. She was a tall woman originally from Kenya, approximately one hundred and ninety centimetres in her bare feet, though her 
hair made her appear even taller. She was dressed in a bright, multi coloured top and matching slacks. There were diamond studs in her ears, and jewelled Egyptian style collar around her neck. \par
Mifunwi was a slight, pale woman scarcely taller than Danila, dressed in a white slacks and black top. Her black hair was braided into nine braids and threaded with silver wire.\par
Susan raised her eyebrows when I introduced Katya as our daughter, and Nalini as my wife, contrasting Katya\u8217\'92s pale skin with Nalini\u8217\'92s dark brown. Nalini commented \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re actually Saod
at\u8217\'92s, but both of us are mothers to them.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Saodat\u8217\'92s not my mama!\u8221\'94 Danila exclaimed.\par
\u8220\'93No, but your refugee papers list her as your aunt.\u8221\'94 Nalini replied. Then she smiled at Susan, \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a long story, we\u8217\'92ll tell you over lunch.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93We won\u8217\'92t come and greet you,\u8221\'94 Elanor exclaimed \u8220\'93our hands are dirty.\u8221\'94\par
Mifunwi commented \u8220\'93Two werewolves. Grey Wolf would like to talk with you. And George, my brother Lukeios would like to talk with you. Also be sure to talk with Ren\'e9. Danny, please take them outside with the ot
hers. We\u8217\'92ll join you once we finish our preparations.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Do you need a hand?\u8221\'94 Susan asked.\par
\u8220\'93Thanks, but no thanks. Four people is crowd enough. Oh, George, are you comfortable in the shade?\u8221\'94 \par
\u8220\'93My skin is sensitive to direct sunlight, but I put sunblock  on. My eyes are sensitive, I need these high altitude sun glasses in daylight. I\u8217\'92ll be fine in the shade.\u8221\'94\par
As I led them outside, I commented \u8220\'93There are a couple of things you should be aware of: first, with the exception of the two girls, everyone here considers themselves some kind of sorcerer; second, many of them 
are not human. To them, you three are human.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93I hope you\u8217\'92re not trying to scare us.\u8221\'94 Michael remarked. \u8220\'93I scare easily.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re friendly, they all agreed to meet with you, and see what they can do to help.\u8221\'94\par
I opened the screen door, held it open for them. \u8220\'93Everyone, this is George, this is Michael, and this is Susan.\u8221\'94\par
We\u8217\'92d pushed three tables together to make one long table. That meant everyone could see each other, but couldn\u8217\'92t talk easily. Almost everyone could use telepathy, however which mitigated the problem. I i
ntroduced everyone to our three guests.\par
Saodat had her black hair dyed with red streaks, and cut in an edgy style. It was parted on the right. The hair left of the part was long and straight, descending below her ear. To the right of the part her head had been 
shaved. She was dressed it black jeans, a yellow t-shirt with a beach, waves, and red and white lighthouse decoration. There was a large diamond stud in each ear.\par
Liz, a Murri aboriginal, sat two seats over from Saodat. She was the first to but red streaks in her black hair. She was dressed in black jeans, and a red t-shirt with a picture of the Red Centre of Australia, complete wi
th Uluru, the monolithic rock there. Beside her sat Philip, her partner, who looked human, but wasn\u8217\'92t. He was dressed in dark blue jeans, a black belt with silver buckle, and a faded dark crimson t-shirt decorate
d with a stylised wizard, and the slogan \u8216\'91Wizards Rock!\u8217\'92.\par
At this point Ren\'e9 interrupted, asking if the three would like drinks. \u8220\'93We have red or white wine, beer, juices, water of course, and some sweet bubbly stuff, what do you call it? Soft juice?\u8221\'94 He spok
e with a French accent.\par
\u8220\'93Soft drink in English.\u8221\'94 I said. Ren\'e9 was almost a classic Hollywood Elf - a small man with pale skin, short blond hair, and droopy moustache and Vandyke beard, slanted blue eyes and pointed ears. The
 ethereal beauty was spoiled by fangs, and talons instead of nails. \par
I introduced them, adding, \u8220\'93Ren\'e9, Mifunwi said you and George should have a talk.\u8221\'94\par
Ren\'e9 took a step back, looked George up and down. \u8220\'93I can see why. I have some cooking to do soon, we\u8217\'92ll talk after lunch.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Why should we talk?\u8221\'94 George asked suspiciously.\par
\u8220\'93Because once I was like you. Monsieur Luc helped me. Now, what will you have?\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Do Elves really exist?\u8221\'94 Susan asked.\par
\u8220\'93Of course! Though we seldom visit the human realm. Now, what will you drink?\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93What sort of beer do you have?\u8221\'94 Michael asked.\par
\u8220\'93Pale ale, and brown ale. They\u8217\'92re both good, even if I say so myself.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93He makes it himself!\u8221\'94 Danila interrupted. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s good! Uncle Ren\'e9, can I have a brown ale please?\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93If you pa says you can.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Only the one though.\u8221\'94 I replied.\par
\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll have a brow ale.\u8221\'94 Michael replied.\par
\u8220\'93Me too, thanks.\u8221\'94 Susan added.\par
\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve talked me into it.\u8221\'94 George added. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll have the same.\u8221\'94\par
Ren\'e9 went to get the drinks. I continued the introductions. Next was a fortyish woman with brown hair cut in a bob, and wearing a bright, floral sun dress. She was Ren\'e9\u8217\'92s wife.\par
\u8220\'93So you\u8217\'92re a human married to an Elf?\u8221\'94 George asked.\par
\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94 She smiled. \u8220\'93It can be a long story. Ren\'e9 is the brewer at Luc\u8217\'92s chateau. I\u8217\'92m an orphan he took in. The Nazis killed my parents when I was five, Pierre over there\u8221\'94
 she indicated a solid man throwing a ball for the dog, \u8220\'93saved my life. He become my foster father, Luc and Ren\'e9 and Palomedes, or Philip as he calls himself now, became my foster uncles, and Mifunwi my foster
 aunt. I didn\u8217\'92t start learning sorcery until I was in my thirties, and in my forties Ren\'e9 and I got married. That was over thirty years ago now, we have two grown up children.\u8221\'94 She smiled happily.\par

Ren\'e9 came back with the beers. \u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s my little ray of sunshine. I\u8217\'92ve called her that since she was five.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re older than her then.\u8221\'94 Susan said as she took one of the beers.\par
The Elf handed the others around, before he looked Susan in the face. \u8220\'93And how old do you think I look?\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93About thirty.\u8221\'94 Michael said without thinking. \u8220\'93The beer\u8217\'92s good.\u8221\'94 Ren\'e9 nodded thanks.\par
\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d say thirties, and the same for Colette.\u8221\'94 Susan replied. \u8220\'93But we know she\u8217\'92s in her seventies, and you were old enough to be her uncle when she met you.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Hah! Astute. Elves live a long time, and so do human sorcerers. I wasn\u8217\'92t born here, so I\u8217\'92m not sure how old I am, but we\u8217\'92ve guessed around four hundred, perhaps four hundred and twenty
.\u8221\'94 Susan\u8217\'92s mouth opened in an \u8216\'91O\u8217\'92 of surprise. Michael\u8217\'92s eyebrows raised. George nodded with a thoughtful expression, as if this was not unexpected.\par
Pierre walked over while this conversation was taking place. \u8220\'93Hey little brother, you didn\u8217\'92t bring one for me.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93And you didn\u8217\'92t fetch one for me.\u8221\'94 Ren\'e9 replied.\par
Pierre was about two metres tall, but solidly built. If you pictured a statue of a gorilla carved from granite, larger than life size, you had a rough idea of Pierre\u8217\'92s appearance. He wore a denim jeans and a leat
her coat open at the front, leaving his chest bare to his waist. His legs were short and bowed, and his arms long enough that his knuckles would drag on the ground if he leaned forward. His skin was the colour and texture
 of granite, and almost as hard. His face was round, with a suggestion of a snout, and there were fangs in his mouth. His chest was a massive barrel, and he was completely bald. He was a Troll from the high alps. I introd
uced him.\par
Ren\'e9 meanwhile went cross eyed with a comical expression, then plucked two beers from mid air. He handed one to Pierre, opened the other. \u8220\'93Now you could have done the same.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93But that\u8217\'92s what little brothers are for.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93A mountain Troll?\u8221\'94 Michael asked. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t they eat people?\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Only if they ask annoying questions.\u8221\'94 Pierre smiled. \u8220\'93I eat almost anything, except for some things I can pat. If they\u8217\'92re cute enough.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93He makes exception for humans, dogs and cats. Anything else he\u8217\'92ll eat, usually raw.\u8221\'94 Ren\'e9 joked.\par
\u8220\'93Only if I can\u8217\'92t make fire to cook it.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Burn it you mean. Charcoal, I\u8217\'92ve seen you eat it. That\u8217\'92s why I cook barbecues, and and you don\u8217\'92t. I\u8217\'92ve seen him take charcoal out of a barbecue and eat it.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93It had lots of tasty fat on it. Yum!\u8221\'94 Pierre smacked his lips and rubbed his belly.\par
\u8220\'93I think my beer\u8217\'92s wasted on you, you couldn\u8217\'92t tell the difference between it and machinery oil.\u8221\'94 Ren\'e9 was grinning.\par
\u8220\'93I can so.\u8221\'94 Pierre retorted. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re the same colour, I\u8217\'92ll give you that, but machinery oil is smoother, I can drink a litre in no time. Your beer now, I\u8217\'92ve got to si
p that, or the bubbles get up my nose.\u8221\'94 He chortled.\par
Some of the others were grinning, Colette was laughing. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ve been like that for as long as I\u8217\'92ve known them.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Trolls and Elves have been mortal enemies for thousands of years.\u8221\'94 Ren\'e9 said. \u8220\'93When I first came to the chateau, he would tease me as a good for nothing Elf, I would tease him as a good for 
nothing Troll. We became friends, and now he\u8217\'92s my big brother. We get along like a house on fire.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Oui.\u8221\'94 Pierre quipped. \u8220\'93Lots of smoke and flames, and people running around screaming.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Speaking of smoke and flames, I\u8217\'92d better see to the barbecue.\u8221\'94 Ren\'e9 was off.\par
\u8220\'93Are you his big brother because you\u8217\'92re larger, or older?\u8221\'94 Michael asked.\par
\u8220\'93Both. I\u8217\'92m a magical being, living rock. I\u8217\'92m fireproof, sword proof, bulletproof. I\u8217\'92m as old as the hills. Hey, you want to see a party trick?\u8221\'94 Without waiting for an answer, P
ierre stripped off his coat, handed it to Colette, then stood against the wall of the house. Within seconds his skin changed from granite to match the brickwork, including the cement. It was good enough that he\u8217\'92d
 blend in and vanish at any distance.\par
\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s fading out in infrared.\u8221\'94 Saodat commented. \u8220\'93His skin temperature has changed to match the wall.\u8221\'94\par
Pierre stepped forward and took his coat back. \u8220\'93If I were naked I could blend into any landscape.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d believe that.\u8221\'94 Saodat said. \par
The dog began prodding Pierre with her nose, dropping her ball at his feet. \u8220\'93Sorry, I\u8217\'92ll talk later. This dog wants attention.\u8221\'94 He kicked the ball, then sat down beside Colette.\par
\u8220\'93You see in the infrared?\u8221\'94 Michael asked Saodat.\par
\u8220\'93Yes, my eyes cover a spectrum from near ultraviolet to the middle of the infrared. Humans stand out.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Neat.\u8221\'94 George commented. \u8220\'93Do you have any other talents?\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Lots.\u8221\'94 Saodat replied. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m several times stronger than a human, and several times faster.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93How fast? Tell me more.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Why? Do you want to see if you can hit me?\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93With your permission. I won\u8217\'92t try to hurt you.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Go ahead.\u8221\'94 Saodat stood facing him, while the rest of us moved back. George handed his beer to me, and did the same with his sunglasses.\par
George\u8217\'92s eyes turned black, and he blurred into motion, making a grab for Saodat\u8217\'92s shoulders. A moment later Saodat moved. George\u8217\'92s arms were flying outward, while Saodat\u8217\'92s stiffened fi
ngers touched his solar plexus and throat.\par
George stepped back. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re fast.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93And you\u8217\'92re dead.\u8221\'94 She grinned.\par
\u8220\'93You think so? I\u8217\'92m hard to kill.\u8221\'94 His eyes were fading to their normal colour.\par
Saodat held up her left hand, showing the two centimetre scalpel blades protruding from her fingertips. \u8220\'93This will shred your heart, maybe tear it out. And this\u8221\'94 she held up her right hand, with similar 
blades. \u8220\'93Will shred your throat and sever your spinal cord. Can you recover from that?\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93With difficulty.\u8221\'94 His smile combined amusement with respect. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re one dangerous lady.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93When his eyes go black like that,\u8221\'94 Michael commented, \u8220\'93normal humans just stand there stupefied.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93That doesn\u8217\'92t work on us.\u8221\'94 I remarked. I continued the introductions. Sitting beside Pierre was Ra\u8217\'92anor, and beside her was her husband Durathror. They were our mentors.\par
Ra\u8217\'92anor was a fair skinned Elf,  with leaf green eyes, frizzy red hair mostly in an Afro style, but with several thin beaded braids on her left temple. She had a rounded figure with ample breasts, Celtic style ta
ttoos on her arms and chest, and a spider web pattern across her face. She was wearing a green tartan skirt and a red lace up bodice. \par
Durathror was a dark skinned Elf with blond hair, a droopy blond moustache, sky blue eyes. His hair was braided into about fifty beaded braids, and there were Celtic style tattoos on his upper arms. He was wearing a kilt 
of green and brown, and a vest that appeared to be made from autumn leaves. Susan asked him about it, he replied \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s Elven mail, made from spider silk. Each leaf is woven separately. No sword can cut t
his.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s like my skin.\u8221\'94 Pierre added. \u8220\'93It can change colour to match the environment, it\u8217\'92s soft if you touch it, but hard if you hit it.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93I thought all Elves had pale skin.\u8221\'94 Michael asked.\par
\u8220\'93You are referring to the ones that regularly visit your shadow, like Ren\'e9. My people are the Viharani, the people of the trees, or wood Elves. We all have skin the colour of bark, eyes the colour of sky or le
aves, and hair the colour of corn silk. Ra\u8217\'92anor\u8217\'92s people are the people of the river bank, they have paler skins and coppery hair.\u8221\'94\par
The next seat was vacant, then sat a man with hair the colour of fresh arterial blood. It was cut pageboy style, and hung to his shoulders, with one braid at his left temple that ended in three red feathers. His eyebrows 
were the same colour. His eyes were dark. He was dressed in a puffy sleeved, silk shirt the colour of blood, a pair of baggy linen trousers of a similar colour, and bucket topped red leather boots. There was a gold hoop i
n his left ear, and a gold chain around his neck supporting a ruby he size of a hen\u8217\'92s egg. This man was called Red Raven, or the Raven King, he was Mifunwi\u8217\'92s husband, mentor to Durathror and many males o
f the Viharani. That meant he was also our mentor. Mifunwi was the Raven Queen, and mentor to many of the Viharani women.\par
\u8220\'93Why are you called the Raven King?\u8221\'94 Michael asked.\par
\u8220\'93Because I am THE Red Raven. I am the Raven King.\u8221\'94 He cocked his head to one side just like a bird. \u8220\'93The maelstrom of chaos birthed me as a red raven. That was back in the Dreamtime, long before
 humans walked the earth. There is no why to my form, only that it was. You would have to ask the Dreamer if it had a reason.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, I\u8217\'92m confused.\u8221\'94 Michael asked. \u8220\'93When did this happen?\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Back in the Dreamtime, a long, long time ago, there were no ravens, only me. Some of the Wild Hunt were after me, for a long time they hunted me.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve heard of them, weren\u8217\'92t they some kind of primitive gods?\u8221\'94 Michael interrupted.\par
\u8220\'93Yes, primordial beings from the Dreamtime. From one end of the world to the other they hunted me. Finally, one of them struck me with a spear, and my blood fell like rain. But I am a magical being, my blood is m
agical. Every drop became a blood red raven. Together we attacked my enemies and destroyed them.\par
\u8220\'93But my enemies were magical beings too. Their blood would have birthed monsters. My ravens drank up their blood, every last drop. The blood of my enemies was black. All the ravens who drank it found their feathe
rs turned black. To this day, all ravens are black, except for me, the Raven King, and my queen, who is the White Raven, or White Death.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93How long ago was this?\u8221\'94 Michael asked, disbelief on his face.\par
\u8220\'93Beats me.\u8221\'94 Red Raven shook his head, smiling. \u8220\'93Time moves differently in every shadow. Besides, I was born in the Dreamtime. That was yesterday and a hundred billion years ago, and any time in 
between.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93What do you mean by the Dreamtime?\u8221\'94 Michael continued.\par
\u8220\'93The Dreamtime was when the story started. The Archetype, the Dreamer, dreamed the creation story, and the first beings came into existence. Almost everything they did was an act of creation. That is why I am Red
 Raven, the Raven King. I dreamed the ravens into being.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93You mean you\u8217\'92ve been around since the world was created?\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93No! The Dreamtime was before the world was created. I was there in the Dreamtime.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93All of you date back to the Dreamtime.\u8221\'94 Lukeios added. \u8220\'93Your spirits were dreamed into existence by the Archetype, or the Dreamer. You\u8217\'92re all as old Red Raven. You just don\u8217\'92t 
remember anything from back then.\u8221\'94\par
George had disbelief written all over his face. Susan looked blank. Michael persisted \u8220\'93I find this hard to understand. You said your wife is the White Raven?\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Yes, Mifunwi, who you met in the kitchen, is my wife. She is the Raven Queen, the White Raven, and White Death. Have you heard of the Morrigan?\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Yes I have. Wasn\u8217\'92t she some kind of evil spirit?\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Hah! Morrigan is a corruption of Mor Rhiganu - Queen of Terror. She terrorised the Wild Hunt, they gave her that name. The last thing they saw before they died the final death was White Death and her ravens and 
her white Dire Wolf.\u8221\'94\par
The three looked around in disbelief, to find others nodding. Michael managed to say \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve heard some legends about the Morrigan and battlefields and the Wild Hunt, but I always thought they were stories
.\u8221\'94\par
Red Raven laughed. \u8220\'93You think I\u8217\'92m a crazy old man! Hah! Stick around long enough you\u8217\'92ll realise I\u8217\'92m a scary old man!\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93What did you mean by final death?\u8221\'94 George asked.\par
Red Raven wagged his head. \u8220\'93Normal Death: When a body dies, the soul continues in the afterlife. Eventually it is reborn. It carries with it its memories, its lessons, and its hopes. When a god misbehaves badly e
nough, its soul is shorn of its powers and memories, and reborn as an ordinary mortal. This is what we call the final death. We did that to all the beings of the Wild Hunt.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93We call ourselves the Old Sorcerers. We keep the gods honest.\u8221\'94 said an Egyptian looking man across from Saodat. \u8220\'93Danny, introduce the last of us.\u8221\'94 There were several seats between him 
and Red Raven, but only one was occupied.\par
Katya came out with a tray of schnitzels, followed by Elanor with a tray of meat. \u8220\'93Ren\'e9, I hope that barbecue is ready!\u8221\'94 she called.\par
\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m ready to cook if you are.\u8221\'94\par
The barbecue has a griddle area and a flat plate. Ren\'e9 had placed a metal pan on the flat plate, and put oil in for cooking the schnitzels. He took the tray of meat from Elanor and began placing pieces of meat on the g
riddle. Elanor did the same with the schnitzels and pan of hot oil. Katya went inside again, returning with large serving plates for the cooked food. She stood watching the two of them cook.\par
Two seats from Red Raven was Grey Wolf. He was pale skinned, with dark hair and eyes. Like Red Raven, the face was young, but the eyes were old. He was wearing charcoal slacks and a silvery grey short sleeved shirt. \u8220\'93
I am here to teach the young werewolves. Let me show you what you can learn.\u8221\'94\par
He stood and moved two steps away from the table. \u8220\'93Watch.\u8221\'94 His form shimmered, blurred, then sharpened again. A grey dire wolf the size of a pony stood there. He shimmered and blurred again, and stood th
ere in his clothed human form. \u8220\'93Both of you can learn this. You should be able to change when when you want to, not at the behest of the full moon.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Your clothes ...\u8221\'94 Michael started.\par
\u8220\'93Yes, there is no need to destroy them during the change. Please sit here,\u8221\'94 he indicated the two seats between himself and Red Raven. \u8220\'93Red and I have saved these.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Hah!\u8221\'94 Red Raven exclaimed. \u8220\'93You get to sit between two scary old men.\par
Last but not least was Lukeios, an Egyptian looking man with dark hair and luminous golden eyes. He was wearing yellow slacks and a lavender shirt. He was also Monsieur Luc, the owner of the chateau that Ren\'e9 referred 
to.\par
\u8220\'93Lukeios sounds Greek to me.\u8221\'94 George commented.\par
\u8220\'93Yes. Your ancestors called me Apollo Lukeios.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93You mean you\u8217\'92re the god Apollo?\u8221\'94 Michael asked.\par
\u8220\'93No, just the source of some of his legends. Lukeios is an ancient pun - it can mean bright and shining, or wolf. So, I was Apollo Lightbearer and Apollo Wolfsbane. Fire is used to keep the wolves away. The sheph
erds enjoyed the joke.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93You mean you\u8217\'92re thousands of years old then?\u8221\'94 Michael asked.\par
\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s correct.\u8221\'94 Lukeios smiled.\par
\u8220\'93Are you the oldest person here?\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93No, Red Raven and Grey Wolf have that honour. They date from the Dreamtime, which is anytime between now and hundreds of billions of years ago.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93But the universe is only thirteen and a half billions years old.\u8221\'94 Michael protested.\par
\u8220\'93Michael, go and sit down. Don\u8217\'92t antagonise them.\u8221\'94 George ordered.\par
\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s all right.\u8221\'94 Lukeios replied with a smile. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m winding him up a little. Firstly, your scientists are wrong. This universe is much larger than the bit they can see, and is
 much older. Secondly, there is an infinite number of parallel universes, and time runs at different speeds in each of them. Thirdly, the Dreamer of all this is still dreaming the multiverse into existence, so the Dreamti
me is still happening out there, just not here.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Michael,\u8221\'94 George remarked \u8220\'93some of the vampire old ones are reputed to be thousands of years old. It\u8217\'92s not that hard to accept that these people are as well.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d like to talk with Monsieur Luc a bit more about the age of the universe, and what the dreamtime is.\u8221\'94 Michael commented as he and Susan found their seats.\par
George sat next to Saodat. \u8220\'93You look like the most dangerous person here.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Appearances can be deceiving.\u8221\'94 Red Raven commented.\par
\u8220\'93Yes, but she\u8217\'92s younger than me.\u8221\'94 George replied. \u8220\'93That gives me an advantage.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93So am I.\u8221\'94 Danila sat down on the other side of George. \u8220\'93But I\u8217\'92m dangerous too.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93All right girls, tell me about yourselves.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Firstly, our refugee papers say I\u8217\'92m her aunt. We\u8217\'92re not actually related, but we are from the same shadow, or parallel world.\u8221\'94 Saodat started.\par
\u8220\'93Yeah, she\u8217\'92s Sreinye, Katya and I are Kanye. We went to school together, but she\u8217\'92s a year ahead of me. Katya, that is. Then the Sreinye invaded, they killed my parents, my brother and sister, Ka
tya\u8217\'92s family too. They put us in a rape camp.\u8221\'94\par
Danila paused for breath, I decided to join the conversation. George wanted to chat up Saodat, Danila wasn\u8217\'92t letting him. \u8220\'93They were there for months until Nalini and I rescued them. Danila attached hers
elf to Nalini, Katya wanted to stay with Danila. We kept them, but took everyone else to a refugee camp.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Danila was thirteen, Katya fourteen.\u8221\'94 Saodat added.\par
\u8220\'93Yeah, but we helped them rescue all the others.\u8221\'94 Danila added.\par
\u8220\'93We spent about five weeks closing rape camps, and then we had to rescue Saodat.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93How did you get involved?\u8221\'94 I wasn\u8217\'92t sure if he meant me and Nalini, or Saodat, or all of us.\par
\u8220\'93Well, Nalini, Liz and I were walking through shadow, we stopped at a village for some lunch, and then the Sreinye army invaded. We had about thirty minutes warning, we started moving the villagers into another s
hadow, something quick just to get them out. We\u8217\'92d cleared out most of the villagers when Captain Saodat here tried to capture me. She and I took a little walk through shadow, and someone targeted us with a missil
e. That damaged Saodat\u8217\'92s powered armour, and I dropped her half a kilometre from the village. We met up about five weeks later. Your turn, Saodat.\u8221\'94\par
Saodat sighed, looking slightly embarrassed. \u8220\'93I was a captain in the armoured infantry, we all wore powered armour. Our orders were to load the villagers into trucks. They were to be processed and sent to a refug
ee camp. We had heat signatures of hundreds of villagers, but they kept vanishing. By the time we entered the village square, there were only about thirty people left. Danny appeared out of thin air. I tried to capture hi
m, he shifted shadows and dragged  me with him. He took me for a walk through several shadows, including one with real live dinosaurs. We were in another shadow when someone fired a missile at us. My suit was damaged and 
I couldn\u8217\'92t move - Danny dragged me to safety into another shadow. I stayed to fix the suit, Danny left to find Nalini. They found the ordinary soldiers digging a mass grave for the remaining villagers. I was furi
ous when Danny told me, and when I got back I started asking questions. After a few days they arrested me and court martialled me for treason, and sent me to a prison where they tortured me. They were cutting pieces off m
e, they told me they wouldn\u8217\'92t stop until I died.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93She died and went to hell.\u8221\'94 Danila added. \u8220\'93We had to rescue her soul from hell. Me and Danny and Nalini and Ra\u8217\'92anor, we saved her.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93And Lukeios brought her back to life.\u8221\'94 I commented.\par
\u8220\'93And then we captured the Generals and the entire Government.\u8221\'94 Saodat added. \u8220\'93And we had to rescue Danila from the Sreinye secret service after they kidnapped her.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93They drugged her, she was dying when we found her.\u8221\'94 I added. \u8220\'93And Saodat died saving her. The guards shot her and Liz, Saodat took most of the bullets, Liz shot most of the guards. Saodat kille
d one with her bare hands.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93And Danny brought me back to life.\u8221\'94 Saodat continued. \u8220\'93Another sorcerer called Enyil saved Danila.\u8221\'94 She looked squarely at George. \u8220\'93We stopped a war, we closed hundreds of rap
e camps, we caused the government of Sreinye to fall. We didn\u8217\'92t quite bring world peace, but we made a difference to the lives of millions. Then Danny and Nalini brought us here to live with them. The girls live 
a reasonably normal life and go to school, and I\u8217\'92m training to be a sorcerer, training to be part of an elite team. I hope this doesn\u8217\'92t sound too weird to you.\u8221\'94\par
George laughed. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m a vampire, my best friends are werewolves, I talk to ghosts, I\u8217\'92ve seen other strange creatures with supernatural powers. I\u8217\'92m not sure I followed everything you guys
 said, but I believe you. So Saodat, you were part of the invasion?\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Yeah, she was the enemy!\u8221\'94 Danila put in loudly. \u8220\'93But she died saving me, so we\u8217\'92ve made up. She\u8217\'92s like my big sister now.\u8221\'94\par
George snorted. \u8220\'93Yep, take it from me. Dying certainly changes your life.\u8221\'94\par
At this point Katya appeared carrying two bowls of salad, Nalini followed with a huge plate half of samosas and half of Pakoras, Mifunwi followed Nalini with another huge plate the same.  \u8220\'93These are Indian delica
cies.\u8221\'94 Nalini said as she put her plate down. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re all vegetarian.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Meat\u8217\'92s ready too.\u8221\'94 Elanor called. She walked over carrying two plates of schnitzels, while Ren\'e9 followed with two plates of steaks. \par
\u8220\'93That side of the plate is rare, the other is well done, and the ones in the middle are medium.\u8221\'94 Ren\'e9 commented. \u8220\'93Bon appetit.\u8221\'94\par
Ren\'e9 and I went to bring bottles of wine, while Nalini passed around disposable plates.\par
\par
\par
\rtlch\af2\afs22\alang3081\ab\ltrch\dbch\af2\afs22\alang2057\ab\hich\af2\afs22\alang3081\ab\loch\b1 The  Wild Hunt.\rtlch\af2\afs22\alang3081\ab\ltrch\dbch\af2\afs22\alang2057\ab\hich\af2\afs22\alang3081\loch\b0\par
During lunch, Grey Wolf and Red Raven regaled us with seemingly preposterous tales of the dreamtime, and stories of hunting down\rtlch\af2\afs22\alang3081\ab\ltrch\dbch\af2\afs22\alang2057\ab\hich\af2\afs22\alang3081\loch
 the Wild Hunt. \u8220\'93They were cruel, savage beings from the Dreamtime. They would ride across the land, slaying every  living thing they came across.\u8221\'94 Grey Wolf explained.\par
\u8220\'93And if you tried to run, they would chase you.\u8221\'94 Red Raven added. \u8220\'93The faster you fled, the more they chased you.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Immortal beings cannot be harmed by mortal weapons.\u8221\'94 Grey Wolf continued. \u8220\'93Only a few of us Old Ones actually cared about mortals. We enlisted the aid of some of the Lords of Order and Chaos, a
nd taught them what they needed to hunt down the Wild Hunt.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Hah! Some of them became very good at it.\u8221\'94 Red Raven continued, while Grey Wolf chewed a bite of steak. \u8220\'93Palomedes was one of the best, we called him the Hunter.\u8221\'94 He indicated Philip.\par

\u8220\'93Hmph.\u8221\'94 Philip snorted. \u8220\'93Got myself exiled from the Courts of Chaos. The older Lords worshipped the Wild Hunt.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Mif was another one.\u8221\'94 Red Raven continued, waving a piece of steak on his fork. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s when the Wild Hunt called her the Queen of Terror, the Mor Rhiganu of your own legends.\u8221\'94
 He popped the morsel into his mouth.\par
 \u8220\'93Some of our band died what we call the final death, shorn of powers and memories, and set on the wheel of rebirth as ordinary mortals.\u8221\'94 Grey Wolf added. \par
\u8220\'93We found ourselves reduced to a band of a few eternals from the Dreamtime, a few immortals, and a number of mortal sorcerers.\u8221\'94 Mifunwi commented. \u8220\'93So we called ourselves the Old Sorcerers.\u8221\'94
\par
Lukeios told a story of Dr. John Dee, court astrologer to Queen Elizabeth I, who, in 1586, had sought to talk with angels, followed their directions and found a relic. His assistant Edward Kelley used the relic to summon 
a demon that had terrorised the castle until Lukeios had banished it. \u8220\'93I sent Dee\u8217\'92s assistant in search of holy water, and then I held the demon with my powers while Kelley poured the water over the demo
n. I banished the demon, but it looked as if the Kelley had. Dee was suspected of being involved, but they couldn\u8217\'92t prove anything. He maintained that he only spoke with angels. He lost favour after the incident,
 and retired from court. The Queen formed a secret order to deal with supernatural matters, with herself as head. The secret order of Beowulf, which still exists today. The head is an immortal, he became head when the que
en died.\u8221\'94\par
A little later he remarked \u8220\'93The way I work tends to be more subtle. George, do you remember what happened at Dunkirk?\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Not in great detail, I wasn\u8217\'92t there myself. The Germans pushed the British troops onto the beach at Dunkirk, and the English sailed small boats across the channel to rescue them. Somehow they got all th
e troops off the beach, it was some kind of miracle.\u8221\'94\par
Lukeios smiled benevolently. \u8220\'93I was there at Dunkirk, as were Pierre and Ren\'e9. It was miraculous. Fog and rain hampered the Germans, surrounding them all the way to the beach, making every track a muddy quagmi
re. Every night was dark and moonless. The small boats on the other hand, had a calm sea, relatively clear skies, and a bright moon to light their way. There were about one hundred and fifty thousand British troops, Churc
hill thought he would lose most of them. There were casualties, but almost all of the troops were rescued.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93So you caused the fog? Or the clear skies? Or both?\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Both\u8221\'94 Lukeios smiled beatifically. \u8220\'93Subtle is always better, that way no one can point a finger at you. The three of us helped shepherd the troops to the beach, and carried some of the wounded.
 I can interfere on a personal level, but only in normal ways unless someone asks me directly for help.\u8221\'94\par
Elanor laughed. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve lost count of the number of times he\u8217\'92s dragged me off somewhere dangerous, and my role is to ask him for help.  If gods or demons or sorcerers are involved, he can act with
out being asked, otherwise he\u8217\'92s restricted to no more than the most powerful person involved.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93George, I can help you, but you have to ask for my help before I can do much.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93I see.\u8221\'94 George replied. \u8220\'93Thank you, let me think about it. I\u8217\'92m here because Danny said he could help Michael and Susan. I\u8217\'92d like to know more about how you can help first.\u8221\'94
\par
\u8220\'93Well,\u8221\'94 Grey Wolf remarked, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d like Susan and Michael to tell their stories.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93And then you can tell yours, George.\u8221\'94 Lukeios finished.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\rtlch\af2\afs22\alang3081\ab\ltrch\dbch\af2\afs22\alang2057\ab\hich\af2\afs22\alang3081\ab\loch\b1 Susan, Michael and George\u8217\'92\rtlch\af2\afs22\alang3081\ab\ltrch\dbch\af2\afs22\alang2057\ab\hich\af2\afs22\alang3081\ab
\loch s Stories.\rtlch\af2\afs22\alang3081\ab\ltrch\dbch\af2\afs22\alang2057\ab\hich\af2\afs22\alang3081\loch\b0\par
\u8220\'93\rtlch\af2\afs22\alang3081\ab\ltrch\dbch\af2\afs22\alang2057\ab\hich\af2\afs22\alang3081\loch Well, I was born in London, and I\u8217\'92m twenty five now. I studied nursing, qualified, and got a job at Westmead
 Hospital. That\u8217\'92s where I met George and Michael. George was a blood bank nurse, Michael was a wardsman. I became friendly with George, but I didn\u8217\'92t talk much with Michael. He lived with George, so I sta
rted to get to know him. I thought he might be a no hoper, but he was actually intelligent and I found myself enjoying his company. He asked me out, about the same time George was telling me they were gay.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Did you really tell her I was gay?\u8221\'94 Michael interrupted.\par
\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t think it was a good idea to go out with her, what with you being a werewolf. I couldn\u8217\'92t just come out and tell her, could I?\u8221\'94 George countered.\par
Susan looked sad. \u8220\'93Neither of them are gay, but I couldn\u8217\'92t work out why George kept trying to discourage us from dating. I thought he might have been jealous.\par
\u8220\'93I started dropping around after my shift finished, and staying the night. But one thing they both agreed on was that I couldn\u8217\'92t come around on certain nights. I didn\u8217\'92t realise it was full moon.
\par
\u8220\'93One night I decided to drop around anyway, it was about two in the morning, after a late evening shift, and there was no one home. I let myself in, and sat down to read, when I heard George outside talking to so
meone. It sounded as if he was talking to Michael, because he was saying things like \u8216\'91Michael be quiet. Michael behave yourself.\u8217\'92 I thought Michael was drunk and George was bringing him home, so I opened
 the door. George was there with a very large dog that jumped all over me. Then it knocked George over and ran away. George told me to go to bed and ran off after it.\par
\u8220\'93The next morning, not long after sunrise, George came back. I woke up and went downstairs to see George leading Michael through the door. He was wearing an overcoat and nothing else. He looked like someone had d
oused him with water, so I thought he\u8217\'92d got drunk and thrown up.\par
 \u8220\'93George told me Michael  wouldn\u8217\'92t be going to work, and told Michael to clean up and go to bed. When Michael  left the room I asked George what had happened. He said something about Michael getting drun
k, but then he noticed scratches on my legs. I was wearing a dressing gown, so my legs were bare. I told him it was the dog that was with him earlier, and he went very quiet.\par
\u8220\'93Both of them told the same story about going down the pub and Michael getting drunk, but George insisted I had to be there for the evening of the next full moon. I had to swap out of a shift to make it. George s
aid Michael had gone out, then he sat me down and told me about werewolves, and how the scratches meant I could have caught the disease. I thought he was raving, but then he said \u8216\'91Michael\u8217\'92s a werewolf, I
\u8217\'92m a vampire. I should be able to control your mind, but I can\u8217\'92t, so you\u8217\'92re a werewolf too. Michael is afraid he\u8217\'92ll kill you if I take you to him. I will stay with you when the change c
omes, and see you don\u8217\'92t harm anyone.\u8217\'92 \par
\u8220\'93I would have left, but he said he would follow me, and he\u8217\'92d already shown me how his eyes change and his fangs appear. So I stayed, saying I\u8217\'92d wait for Michael, and we talked about Michael, and
 how he\u8217\'92d caught the curse. And then I changed. The last thing I remember was George telling me to take my clothes off, and then it was all very hazy, like a dream.\par
\u8220\'93When I woke up I was naked in a pile of leaves, in the woods, and George was standing there with some wipes, a towel, and a large overcoat. There was dried blood on my face and chest. I started crying.\u8221\'94
\par
Susan looked quite woebegone, Michael patted her hand. She continued \u8220\'93George helped me clean up, and I put the overcoat on. George had a bag with some trainers in, no socks, but I had something to put on my feet.
 Then we went to find Michael. He wasn\u8217\'92t that far away, in a sort of shelter made from branches and leaves. George had some clothes for him in the bag.\par
\u8220\'93That was almost two years ago. Every full moon we go through the same thing, except we\u8217\'92re a bit more organised. But we\u8217\'92ve been hunted by humans, other werewolves, vampires and a group of Christ
ian fundamentalist convinced we\u8217\'92re demons. I just want some peace and quiet, a bit of relative safety, and a normal life.\u8221\'94 Susan finished on a plaintive note.\par
\u8220\'93We came here because people who should know said there were hardly any vampires or werewolves in Australia.\u8221\'94 George added.\par
\u8220\'93And you\u8217\'92re worried about how your monthly change will affect your unborn child.\u8221\'94 Mifunwi commented.\par
\u8220\'93How do you know?\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s obvious to me. Your child will be fine. It will be a werewolf, but it will be healthy.\u8221\'94\par
Michael told the same story as before, of how he was attacked by a large dog on his way home from evening shift, and turning furry next full moon. Of George finding him naked and blood splattered, and taking him back to h
is own place to clean up. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been trying to live a normal life too, I never meant to infect Susan, never wanted to infect her.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t live in close proximity with normal humans.\u8221\'94 Grey Wolf commented. \u8220\'93All your contacts with ordinary mortals must be carefully managed. In human form your fresh blood is contag
ious, as a werewolf you can infect anyone through scratching or biting. You\u8217\'92ve had no instruction, that\u8217\'92s very unfortunate. You\u8217\'92re among friends here, we will help both of you.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93George, let\u8217\'92s hear your story.\u8221\'94 Lukeios commanded.\par
\u8220\'93You guys have it easy, your life would be much worse if it wasn\u8217\'92t for me looking after you.\u8221\'94 He smiled a predatory smile. \u8220\'93Neither of you has really lost much.\u8221\'94 He stopped, th
e smile fading to a neutral look.\par
\u8220\'93Tell us your story, George.\u8221\'94 Lukeios said again.\par
George nodded. \u8220\'93I was born in the spring in a little village in Greece. I think it was 1816. I married, started a family. Village life is hard, compared with life these days, but I was happy.\u8221\'94 He shrugge
d. \u8220\'93I knew no other life. The Turks had invaded my country, but we hadn\u8217\'92t seen any for years. Then one day they came to my village. I wasn\u8217\'92t home, I was cutting wood with some other guys from th
e village. We came back in the evening to find the village on fire, and all the villagers slaughtered. I found my children hacked to pieces, along with my wife. But they\u8217\'92d raped her before they killed her.\u8221\'94
 His eyes were bleeding to black, and there was power leaking through his aura. He stopped speaking.\par
\u8220\'93We lost our families too.\u8221\'94 Danila patted his hand. \u8220\'93We spent months in a rape camp. But we got our revenge.\u8221\'94\par
George looked like he was about to scream with rage and frustration, but at Danila\u8217\'92s touch that fled, and his eyes returned to brown. \u8220\'93Mmm.\u8221\'94 He nodded. \u8220\'93It still hurts when I think abou
t it. There were only a few survivors, mostly people who had been in the fields or the woods. We buried the dead as best we could, then we gathered what belongings we could, and fled. I went back into the forest with some
 of the guys, we lived there for a time.\u8221\'94 \par
Suddenly he came back to the present, looked around. \u8220\'93There are werewolves in the forest, or there were back then, but that was later. I met a man who said he could help me get revenge. He said he was getting tog
ether a band of rebels. I said I was in, and my companions said the same. He took us to meet his band. We didn\u8217\'92t know, but they were vampires, and they attacked us. I was sick for three days, and then I rose as a
 vampire. There had been five of us, but only two of us rose as vampires, the others died.\par
\u8220\'93A new vampire is weak, and tormented by bloodlust. It kills without thinking, draining the living body of blood. Our little band went after the Turks, and we each killed hundreds.\u8221\'94 His predatory smile w
as back. \u8220\'93Every vampire in that band had lost his or her family to the Turks, and we took our revenge. None of us knew much about being a vampire. The old vampire who had started the group had been killed in an a
ttack on the Turks before I joined.\par
\u8220\'93Some of the Turks we killed rose as vampires, and we had to kill them again. I was one of those who learned how to kill a vampire. Some of us died in the process. I learned to control the bloodlust, and take blo
od from several victims, so that none sickened and died, and none became vampires. But I became sick of the senseless killing, because the others would kill Greeks if they couldn\u8217\'92t find Turks. \u8221\'94 He stare
d into his wine glass. \par
\u8220\'93I argued with them that we should not kill Greeks, but the others would not listen. I decided that if they didn\u8217\'92t stop killing Greeks, then I had to kill them. I killed most of them, and the rest fled. 
I fled too, worked my way through the Balkans to the Austro-Hungarian empire, and learned German, and how to read and write the Roman script. I met a few vampires, and a few werewolves. I travelled around the Austro-Hunga
rian empire, stopping in one town for a few months, and then moving on. Eventually I came to France in the 1870s, and finally to England in 1911. By then we all knew war was coming, that was why I went to England and I\u8217\'92
ve been there ever since. I learned a few trades over the years, as well as medicine. \par
\u8220\'93I know some of the original vampire band are hunting me for killing the others. And werewolves and vampires are traditional enemies in Europe and Britain. Every twenty years or so I\u8217\'92ve made myself a new
 identity, learned a new trade. In Europe, every year or two I would move to a new city. In England it was every time I made a new identity. And now I\u8217\'92m here, I\u8217\'92m best friends with a couple of werewolves
, we\u8217\'92re trying to avoid anyone who\u8217\'92s hunting us, and trying to be as human as we can.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93But you haven\u8217\'92t changed your identity when you came here.\u8221\'94 Lukeios stated.\par
\u8220\'93No, I needed my passport, and it is getting harder and harder to manufacture new identities.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Yes, but you will live a long time, and you must start planning for this years ahead.\u8221\'94 Lukeios responded. \u8220\'93All three of you, if you learn what we can teach you, will live much longer than norma
l humans.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93But I can\u8217\'92t just take the birth certificate of a baby that died thirty years ago. They check for that these days. I\u8217\'92ve been thinking I might need to hide in some third world country.\u8221\'94\par

\u8220\'93It is more difficult, but if you know the right people, you can get these things done \u8216\'91legally\u8217\'92\u8221\'94 Lukeios smiled. \u8220\'93That doesn\u8217\'92t come cheap though. We are talking about
 birth records, school records, medical records, and of course a proper passing of the old identity when you assume the new identity.\par
\u8220\'93George, you might know of the case of a vampire in New York. He invented a son, lived as both father and son for twenty years, then the old identity died while he assumed the new identity and inherited everythin
g. Unfortunately the son was arrested and charged with murder of his father. He escaped, but only by assuming a new identity, and losing most of what he\u8217\'92d set up.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Yes, I think I have heard of it. I\u8217\'92m not sure of his name though. Wasn\u8217\'92t he one of the old vampires?\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Yes, he was three or four hundred years old, and had passed his property down to his son every fifty years. It\u8217\'92s a bad habit to get into these days.\u8221\'94\par
 \u8220\'93Do you know how the old vampire families are dealing with it in America and Europe?\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93I cannot speak for every family,\u8221\'94 Lukeios replied, \u8220\'93but all the ones I know have infiltrated the secret service and the local mafia. They all play the same long game, creating identities and hi
stories for those identities. There are possibly a few that still hide out in isolated mountainous regions and live the old way.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Vampire families?\u8221\'94 Danila asked. \par
\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 George replied. \u8220\'93Usually an old vampire makes others. He or she has is in control, like an old style head of a family. Just like we three are a family, and you five are a family.\u8221\'94
\par
\u8220\'93Vampires refer to their groups as families.\u8221\'94 Lukeios added. \u8220\'93They are usually small, I mean fewer than twenty members, though some of the oldest families can number over a hundred. Were creatur
es also make others, just as vampires can. They call their groups packs, Wolf pack, Leopard pack and so on. If you are a member, you are expected to be loyal to your pack or family, and they often go to war with other gro
ups.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re like gangs.\u8221\'94 George added. \u8220\'93Hurt one member, the others will gang up to hurt you.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Well George,\u8221\'94 Lukeios remarked, \u8220\'93this country is large, and the population small. It should be possible to hide out here if you need for years. I believe the werewolf and vampire population her
e is vanishingly small, so all three of you should be relatively safe. People think big cities are better to hide in, but only in less advanced countries with manual records. Western countries have electronic and paper tr
ails of almost everything you do.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Mmm.\u8221\'94 George replied. \u8220\'93I never had a credit card until I came here. The hospital insisted my pay go into my bank account, and the bank insisted I have a credit card. I don\u8217\'92t use it, I 
always pay cash. I don\u8217\'92t want to leave a trail if I can avoid it.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Susan and I have credit cards. We find them convenient.\u8221\'94 \par
\u8220\'93And you leave a big fat paper trail.\u8221\'94 George countered.\par
\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s becoming inevitable.\u8221\'94 Lukeios remarked. \u8220\'93You could go and live in some third world country, or even a second world country, but in a crowded city your comings and goings would be 
noticed, and superstitious mortals would try to kill you.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93The same thing used to happen in Europe.\u8221\'94 George remarked. \u8220\'93That was one of the reasons I kept moving. Bram Stoker\u8217\'92s Dracula was a salient lesson in how not to hide. I always keep a lo
w profile, have an unremarkable job that pays money, and no one really notices me.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s easy for you, you don\u8217\'92t turn furry once a month.\u8221\'94 Michael complained.\par
\u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t that why you\u8217\'92re here?\u8221\'94 Red Raven interjected.\par
\u8220\'93Mmm.\u8221\'94 Michael nodded. \u8220\'93But I want to know what you meant by differentiating between immortal and eternal?\u8221\'94 He looked at Mifunwi.\par
She smiled, but Red Raven replied. \u8220\'93Mortals are born and they die. If something doesn\u8217\'92t kill them, they grow old and then die. Immortals are born. They don\u8217\'92t grow old, most mortal weapons can\u8217\'92
t harm them, but they can die. Mortals often make Immortals into gods. Eternals don\u8217\'92t have to be born, and they can\u8217\'92t die, except for the so called final death. Mostly, only other eternals can accomplish
 that. Eternals come into existence during the Dreamtime. I\u8217\'92m an eternal, Grey Wolf is an eternal. Most of the rest of you would be immortals, including George, and all of the sorcerers here. Werewolves are morta
l, and so are the two girls, for now. When they learn sorcery they can become immortal. That includes you werewolves.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Makes sense to me.\u8221\'94 George remarked, smiling his predator smile. \u8220\'93You guys promised us some more details about you. I don\u8217\'92t doubt you\u8217\'92re powerful, but we still don\u8217\'92t 
know much about you.\u8221\'94\par
Red Raven laughed. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s part of the mystique. Let\u8217\'92s see, Grey Wolf and I have been around since the Dreamtime. If we told you our life story, we\u8217\'92d be here for billions of years. We hun
ted down the Wild Hunt, but we already told you that. We are slowly making the world a better place by keeping the self styled gods and demons honest. We\u8217\'92ve guided humans since they were hairless apes. We taught 
them fire, we taught them music, and a lot more. \par
\u8220\'93Mif\u8217\'92s my wife, and she\u8217\'92s Luke\u8217\'92s sister. You\u8217\'92ll find tales of her in Celtic legends, but if you know where to look, you\u8217\'92ll find them in the legends of the ancient Gree
ks, Babylonians, Sumerians, the people of the Indus valley, and a lot more. The ancient Greeks were blond or red haired, and called themselves the Danoi. Roughly translated, it means the children of Danu. The Celts are al
so the children of Danu. Go figure.\par
\u8220\'93Luke is also Palomedes\u8217\'92 father, or Philip as he calls himself these days. Luke\u8217\'92s been teaching the arts of civilisation to humans for hundreds of thousands of years. The ancient Egyptians calle
d him Horus, the hawk that soars at dawn. The ancient Greeks called him Apollo Lukeios, or Apollo the light bearer who keeps the wolves away from the sheep. We used to call him Wolfsbane for short.\u8221\'94 He stopped, d
rank some beer, emptying the bottle. He clicked his fingers, and the bottle filled itself.\par
\u8220\'93Humans called us angels, or divine messengers.\u8221\'94 Lukeios added. \u8220\'93Since the Christians appeared, we\u8217\'92ve had to keep ourselves hidden. A few of our number became saints, most were relegate
d to the status of demons. One Christian pope issued an edict that there were only seven angels, and all the others were actually demons. Once we would give instruction in plain sight, now we guide the few, and influence 
the many subtly. I told you how I helped at Dunkirk. There\u8217\'92s many more stories we could tell, but they are simply stories, with no way to prove them now.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Ren\'e9 said he was once like me...\u8221\'94 George started.\par
\u8220\'93I was.\u8221\'94 Ren\'e9 replied. \u8220\'93You know I\u8217\'92m an elf. I was around thirty when I was attacked. I was still young, my powers were weak. I was walking through shadow, a bit drunk, which didn\u8217\'92
t help. I took a wrong turning, would up in a shadow I should never have visited. I was attacked by creatures that were powerful vampires, and like you, I rose as a vampire on the third day. \par
\u8220\'93They helped me through that, they expected me to be grateful, but I despised them all. They\u8217\'92d turned me into a blood addict, and I should be grateful? I couldn\u8217\'92t go home, I didn\u8217\'92t know
 what to do.\par
\u8220\'93After a few months my family found me. They destroyed the other vampires and wanted to take me home. I was ashamed, and refused. I told them I wanted to die. My great, great grandfather used his powers to subdue
 me, and they carried me home.\par
\u8220\'93There was a big debate over what to do with me. My family wanted to keep me under house arrest I think you say, until they could cure me. Many of my people wanted to banish me, some sided with my family, and som
e wanted to kill me.\u8221\'94 Ren\'e9 looked sad, and was staring at things none of us could see.\par
\u8220\'93I was so ashamed I ran away, I blocked all attempts to get in touch with me, and I ran for over two hundred years, until monsieur Luc found me. He taught me to cure myself.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93How?\u8221\'94 George was staring at Ren\'e9.\par
Ren\'e9 sighed, quaffed some beer. \u8220\'93He taught me self respect, he taught me sorcery.\u8221\'94 He smiled. \u8220\'93Every sorcerer has his sources of power, which he must manage, lest those sources possess him. V
ampirism is a connection with a power source, but one that will possess you if it can. When a vampire first rises, he is possessed. There are other sources of power that are gentle and kind, and will help you master the v
ampire power. I am a sorcerer now, not a vampire, and I am a changed Elf.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Have you ever been back to visit your family?\u8221\'94 Susan asked.\par
\u8220\'93When I was strong enough, I went to visit. They were all very happy to see me, but I knew immediately I could not stay. I have changed in ways they have not, it\u8217\'92s no longer my home. I\u8217\'92m happy a
t the chateau, especially after I met Colette.\u8221\'94\par
Colette patted his hand. \u8220\'93We went back often when the children were young, now we go less often. Sometimes Ren\'e9\u8217\'92s family visit us at the chateau.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Was it hard to stop being a vampire?\u8221\'94 George asked.\par
\u8220\'93How much do you despise yourself when you attack humans? How hard is it to justify someone\u8217\'92s death to sate your bloodlust?\u8221\'94 Ren\'e9 said harshly.\par
\u8220\'93I haven\u8217\'92t killed for food for years.\u8221\'94 George was almost indignant. \u8220\'93I would take a small amount from several victims. I didn\u8217\'92t want to kill my fellow Greeks, I worked out how 
to make that work. I killed vampires who killed humans. There was the occasional hoodlum though. Since the last war I have worked as a bloodbank nurse in different hospitals. That blood is donated for use in operations, o
r for people who have lost a quantity of blood. If I need, I can warm one up for myself. I am making it work.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93But sometimes you roam the streets at night.\u8221\'94 Michael suggested.\par
\u8220\'93But not to hunt for victims.\u8221\'94 George was indignant again. \u8220\'93There are always areas where the streets are not safe at night. I\u8217\'92ve saved quite a few people over the years.\u8221\'94 His a
ura showed he was telling the truth. \u8220\'93In my own way I\u8217\'92m trying to help humans. How do you think I found you the first time, Michael?\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93I did wonder about that. When I realised you were a vampire I just assumed you were out hunting.\u8221\'94\par
George snorted. \u8220\'93I heard the howling of a wolf. I followed you for half the night, making people avoid you, making sure there was no one for you to hurt. You chased some cats up a tree, caught a couple of pigeons
 and ate them. After that you settled down under some bushes and changed back. It was only then that I realised who you were. When you change back you go unconscious for a while. It took me almost two hours to wake you, s
o I grabbed an old overcoat from home for you to wear, and a wet cloth to wipe off the pigeon blood. Walking naked and bloodstained through city streets in daylight would attract too much attention.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93I wanted to go back to my place, but you insisted I\u8217\'92d be safer at your place. I still don\u8217\'92t know how you convinced me.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93I told you it was closer, and you were naked and bloodstained. And I told you that you might have attacked someone and the police could come knocking.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Yeah, right, I remember now.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93All well and good,\u8221\'94 Ren\'e9 remarked, \u8220\'93but if you were separated from you bloodbank for any length of time, how long could you survive without hunting? How long before the bloodlust took contro
l?\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Hmm, it would be weeks, not days.\u8221\'94 George\u8217\'92s smile faltered.\par
\u8220\'93What you have achieved is commendable,\u8221\'94 Lukeios commented, \u8220\'93but with help you can achieve so much more.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Ren\'e9 has a very valid point.\u8221\'94 Red Raven added. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re like a smoker who uses nicotine patches to avoid smoking. It\u8217\'92s a step in the right direction, something to be happy a
bout, but you\u8217\'92re still addicted.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93I take your point.\u8221\'94 George smiled wryly. \u8220\'93Ren\'e9 is doing a lot better than I am.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93It will also help you against those who hunt you.\u8221\'94 Ren\'e9 added. \u8220\'93I spent centuries running. You don\u8217\'92t want to do that.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sure you feel it\u8217\'92s the three of you against the world.\u8221\'94 Nalini said. \u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t have to be. We can help, if you let us.\u8221\'94\par
George looked around the table, taking in everyone. Some of us nodded agreement with Nalini\u8217\'92s words. \u8220\'93Very well, I don\u8217\'92t like asking for help, I like to be self sufficient. But I would like to l
earn what you are willing to teach.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93D\u8217\'92accord!\u8221\'94 Lukeios exclaimed. \u8220\'93The training can begin today if you like, or tomorrow if you prefer. We will try to fit around your work schedules.\u8221\'94\par
* * *\par
\u8220\'93George, your energies are odd for a vampire.\u8221\'94 Lukeios remarked. \u8220\'93Have you been doing something different?\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Erm, yes. Someone told me I can take energy from trees. I\u8217\'92ve been doing that a bit. It tides me over when I can\u8217\'92t find a couple of thugs.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s more than just trees. There\u8217\'92s a lot of earth energy there, all four types. You\u8217\'92ve been doing something else as well.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93That would be Fleur and Melody, wouldn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94 Michael asked innocently.\par
\u8220\'93Erm, yes, a couple of people I know, they\u8217\'92ve been giving me energy, every now and then. They\u8217\'92re Elves.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Melody and Fleur?\u8221\'94 Mifunwi asked. There was a mischievous look on her face. \u8220\'93Tell me more.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Well, they draw energy from the earth and give it to me. I can\u8217\'92t do that. It keeps the hunger at bay.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Is that what you\u8217\'92re doing?\u8221\'94 Michael asked. \u8220\'93They turn up every week, and you go for a walk with them for an hour or so.  I\u8217\'92ve been wondering what you\u8217\'92ve been doing.\u8221\'94
\par
\u8220\'93Michael!\u8221\'94 Susan complained.\par
\u8220\'93Well, it\u8217\'92s true! He wanders off with two beautiful young girls.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93And Fleur is my daughter!\u8221\'94 George thundered. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re disgusting, Michael.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Sorry, but you never explain. And you said Fleur was your sister.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Well, I don\u8217\'92t look old enough to her father any more. And I don\u8217\'92t want to have to explain why she isn\u8217\'92t my girlfriend all the time.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Is she really your daughter?\u8221\'94 I asked.\par
\u8220\'93Technically she\u8217\'92s my foster daughter. I rescued her when she was about nine or ten, and I brought her up. She met Melody when she started school. They\u8217\'92ve been best friends since then. But now t
hey\u8217\'92re grown up, I don\u8217\'92t look old enough to be her father, so she says she\u8217\'92s my sister.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Is she really an elf?\u8221\'94 Ra\u8217\'92anor asked.\par
\u8220\'93She has magic. Melody says they\u8217\'92re both elves. They\u8217\'92re not human, I know that much.\u8221\'94\par
Most of us felt someone shifting in, near by. A moment later two teenage girls walked around the corner of the house. One had shoulder length, flame red hair, green eyes, and milk pale skin. She wore a tartan miniskirt, b
rightly coloured tights, and doc marten\u8217\'92s boots. She wore a small backpack. The other had raven tresses that straggled below her shoulders, sky blue eyes, lips the colour of blood and milk pale skin. She wore a g
reen dress that came halfway to her knees, and knee high riding boots. She was carrying some kind of satchel as a shoulder bag. A closer look with sorcerous sight revealed that both girls were wearing a glamour. The redhe
ad was actually a rich auburn, and her eyes were sky blue. The other girl was older, about thirty, and her eyes were leaf green, her lips pale. The redhead called out \u8220\'93Hi George, sorry we\u8217\'92re late. Hi eve
ryone, I\u8217\'92m Fleur, she\u8217\'92s Melody, we\u8217\'92re George\u8217\'92s sisters.\u8221\'94\par
Melody was smiling. \u8220\'93No one\u8217\'92s going to buy that.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94 Fleur asked.\par
Mifunwi remarked \u8220\'93So you\u8217\'92re that George.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94 George asked.\par
Fleur\u8217\'92s mouth fell open in an \u8216\'91O\u8217\'92 of surprise.\par
Melody was laughing. \u8220\'93Half of them are my relatives. That\u8217\'92s auntie Mifunwi, there\u8217\'92s about five or six greats in there, but she\u8217\'92s still auntie. You\u8217\'92ve met her. Uncle Red, Uncle 
Luke, and you know Ren\'e9 and Pierre. And that\u8217\'92s Colette and cousin Palomedes, I think.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Is this a coincidence?\u8221\'94 George asked. \u8220\'93We were just talking about you.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93You know if you talk about an elf, they can appear out of thin air?\u8221\'94 Melody said with a smile. \u8220\'93Actually, we were already on our way here, and auntie Mifunwi asked me to come here as quickly as
 possible.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93You seemed to be talking about my niece, so I asked her here to be sure.\u8221\'94 Mifunwi replied.\par
We did the rest of the introductions. We brought chairs, drinks, plates and so on for the two girls. Mifunwi then explained, \u8220\'93Melody has told me about you, George. She even asked advice on how to enable you to pe
rceive the earth energies, and draw on them. I told her then that I would need to meet with you first.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93So is there a way for me to use the earth\u8217\'92s energies?\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94 Mifunwi smiled. \u8220\'93You have the same problem every human has - they cannot perceive or draw upon mother earth\u8217\'92s energies. We have to turn them into sorcerers. You vampires and were
 animals have a connection to a spirit that provides you with energies, but that supply is limited, and is focused on your abilities as a vampire or were animal.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93And turning me into a sorcerer is a long and hard task?\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93It can be. You have an advantage other humans do not have, but that is not enough. Take a look at each of the human sorcerers here, and tell me if you notice anything common amongst them.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93They are all wearing some sort of collar, the rest of you aren\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94 George shrugged.\par
\u8220\'93Correct! They are all wearing something called a torc. There is a special crystal at each end, and they tune into the energies of mother earth, and convert them into a form that humans can use. The torc behaves 
like an amplifier, so the more energy you can muster in the first place, the more it will give you. First you must have energy that you can use. Most humans have none to spare, you three do. Second, you must be attuned to
 the torc. Third, you must be trained in using the energies it gives you. That can take years. Fourth, you must be trained to increase your innate energies. We refer to it as raising the Rainbow Serpent, Nalini refers to 
it as Kundalini training. Every living thing draws a small amount of energy from mother earth, including humans. Rainbow Serpent training enables that pipe to be widened, and so allows you to draw more.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93And that\u8217\'92s the simple explanation.\u8221\'94 Lukeios quipped.\par
\u8220\'93Fleur and Melody told me about the rainbow serpent training. Melody has done it, Fleur has to wait until she finds a suitable partner.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Actually, Mels offered to train me, but I\u8217\'92m not sure I feel that way about her.\u8221\'94\par
There were several smiles. Mifunwi commented \u8220\'93Spoken like a human.\u8221\'94 She was smiling as she said that. \u8220\'93Elves have a more relaxed attitude to these things. It\u8217\'92s mostly a matter of person
al choice. For those few of you that don\u8217\'92t know,\u8221\'94 Here she looked directly at Michael and Susan. \u8220\'93Rainbow Serpent training is traditionally done male with female because male and female energies
 complement each other, and balance. Using two people of the same sex, the energies won\u8217\'92t balance. However, for someone who knows about energy balancing it is no problem. So Fleur, your choice of partner should b
e determined by whom you are comfortable with.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Thanks auntie. I seem to be able to learn everything Melody teaches without it.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Elves can get by adequately without it. It can wait. Humans, on the other hand, cannot manage without it. Danila and Katya will wait until they are older, but eventually all five of you humans will need to under
go this training. It works best if you have a trained partner, though a trained couple can coach an untrained couple. For humans, Rainbow Serpent training must wait until you are attuned to a torc.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93And a torc must wait until you master the basics.\u8221\'94 Lukeios added. \u8220\'93We normally teach the basics to your spirit in dreaming first, because it is easier.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Dreaming?\u8221\'94 Michael asked.\par
\u8220\'93Yes. Your dreams are the fractured recollections of your spirit. In order to learn, you must bring your waking consciousness into line with your dreaming consciousness. You will experience what is called Lucid D
reaming. At first they might simply be vivid, weird dreams, and they will start tonight. How well you learn there will determine when you are given a torc.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93You two werewolves will have different training from the vampire.\u8221\'94 Grey wolf said. \u8220\'93I want you to master your wolf spirit as soon as possible. Until then you are dangerous. The vampire has his 
spirit partly under control, though it isn\u8217\'92t tame enough.\u8221\'94\par
Susan and Michael looked at each other. Michael shrugged. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m suspending any judgment until I see how this works. There\u8217\'92s so much I don\u8217\'92t understand.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s probably for the best.\u8221\'94 Lukeios said. \u8220\'93You will learn by doing, and everything will become clear.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Fleur, can you shadow walk, or just Melody?\u8221\'94 Saodat asked.\par
\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m learning to. Mels is teaching me.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m learning too, but I\u8217\'92m not very good at it. How do you find perceiving and selecting?\u8221\'94 \par
\u8220\'93Come here so we can talk.\u8221\'94 Saodat picked up her chair and sat next to Fleur.\par
\u8220\'93What is Shadow walking?\u8221\'94 Michael asked. \u8220\'93It sounds ominous, or at least dangerous.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93I thought ominous meant threatening danger.\u8221\'94 George chided. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been shadow walking with Fleur and Melody, but I have no idea how it\u8217\'92s done.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Another thing you didn\u8217\'92t tell us.\u8221\'94 Michael sounded peevish.\par
\u8220\'93Melody asked me not to talk about things like that with anyone, including you.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93As a general rule,\u8221\'94 Lukeios interrupted, \u8220\'93those who can don\u8217\'92t discuss it with those who can\u8217\'92t, unless they are intending to teach. Unscrupulous people would stop at nothing to
 control someone with the ability. So, Michael, Susan, you both must promise not to speak of shadow walking outside this group.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93What about George?\u8221\'94 Michael asked.\par
\u8220\'93He promised years ago.\u8221\'94 Melody replied.\par
They both promised, and Lukeios continued his explanation. \u8220\'93Firstly, what we term shadows you would call parallel worlds. They are not quite what science fiction  would have you believe. Time runs at different ra
tes in each and every one. Sometimes it\u8217\'92s a matter of seconds per year difference, sometimes hours per day, sometimes it is so different that years in one shadow will pass in minutes in another. You have all hear
d tales of people who journeyed into the faery realm for a few hours, to find on their return that months or years had passed. The laws of physics are different in each one, often subtly, sometimes so grossly that life ca
nnot exist, or perhaps atoms never form. They move all the time, swirling and writhing about each other. What is nearby at one moment will not be a few minutes later. Shadows touch each other as they move, and no Michael,
 that doesn\u8217\'92t cause a big bang a  your scientists have theorised.  A trained sorcerer can tune in different ones, and shift between them. You could explore ten thousand variations of Paris or London, for example.
 All of this would just be an interesting diversion, however, unless we can navigate through shadow to places we\u8217\'92ve been before. Getting into another shadow is relatively easy for a sorcerer. Navigating reliably 
is hard.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Why do you need to ...?\u8221\'94 Michael trailed off. \u8220\'93Oh.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Yes, you have a home and loved ones you would like to return to.\u8221\'94 Lukeios said with a smile. \u8220\'93You can go for a holiday in Paris, but you want to come home after. With training, you could, say, 
walk from here to your London in half an hour, taking a shortcut through shadow. You can visit with friends there, and then come home the same way.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Now that would be useful.\u8221\'94 Michael commented.\par
\u8220\'93Yes, and you can walk into a sealed chamber, and exit the same way. Useful indeed.\u8221\'94 Then he grinned. \u8220\'93Think what a terrorist or spy or thief could do with that.  Walk into the vault holding the
 crown jewels, and take them out. Plant a bomb in a sealed room in some vital structure. We are not keen for ordinary humans to know about this. They may have no sorcery, but show humans something is possible and they wil
l invent a machine to do the same.\u8221\'94\par
* * *\par
\u8220\'93George was my saviour, really.\u8221\'94 Fleur was explaining. \u8220\'93He rescued me from the forest, gave me a home, and brought me up. \u8220\'93But so was Mels. She was my best friend at school, but she was
 also like my big sister and my mama. I never realised until later that she has adult kids.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93I admit I was pretending to be a thirteen year old girl, but you needed someone your own age you could relate to. I let you think I was only a few years older than you. Would you really have bonded with me if yo
u knew I was as old as George?\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Maybe not. I mean, George is like my big brother, but you were at school with me, I assumed you were a kid.\u8221\'94 Fleur smiled.\par
\u8220\'93George picked it the first time he met me. I made him promise not to tell you. I wanted you to accept me as I appeared, that way we could be friends and I could guide you.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Melody practically lived at our place for years. Fleur needed a female she could look up to. Melody was just the right sort of person she needed. Quite a coincidence, really.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Well, George,\u8221\'94 Mifunwi said, \u8220\'93it wasn\u8217\'92t a complete coincidence. I suggested to Melody that she attend that particular school as a thirteen year old girl. She was only trying for her \u8216\'91
O\u8217\'92 levels, but Fleur convinced her to go for her \u8216\'91A\u8217\'92 levels, and they both went on to university, as you know. I had no special reason for selecting the school, other than a feeling that it was 
the best choice.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Hah! It\u8217\'92s the workings of power.\u8221\'94 Red Raven commented. \u8220\'93Fleur needed someone her own age to guide her, her power arranged it. Things like that happen all the time.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93I liked to think that God took a hand in things.\u8221\'94 George remarked. \u8220\'93That may sound odd coming from a vampire, but I was brought up to believe things like that, some part of me still does.\u8221\'94
\par
\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s why we\u8217\'92re offering to help you.\u8221\'94 Mifunwi replied. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s why Fleur came to you.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93A question for the three of you former humans.\u8221\'94 Grey Wolf said. \u8220\'93If you could have the choice, would you go back to being human?\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94 Susan said, without hesitation. \u8220\'93I hate turning furry once a month. I hate having no control over that, and no memory of what I do. I hate waking up naked in the woods, and having to make
 my way to where I stashed some clothes. Sometimes I wake up in someone\u8217\'92s back yard, or miles from where I left my clothes.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93All of that I can fix.\u8221\'94 Grey Wolf said.\par
\u8220\'93All of what she said.\u8221\'94 Michael said when Grey Wolf looked at him. \u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t see any benefits from our condition.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Mmm. You will both live several times longer than humans. You will heal almost any injury. You are stronger than normal humans, and you don\u8217\'92t become sick. You may not have noticed this yet.\u8221\'94\par

\u8220\'93I have noticed the strength.\u8221\'94 Susan replied. \u8220\'93I have no trouble lifting patients by myself, and I haven\u8217\'92t caught a cold since I became a werewolf. But I just want to be a normal woman,
 marry, and raise a family.\u8221\'94 She looked sad.\par
Sadness passed over George\u8217\'92s face. \u8220\'93My wife and children were killed, I can\u8217\'92t go back, though sometimes I wish I could. When I was a new vampire, I would have traded my soul to go back to my fam
ily.\u8221\'94 He paused, wiped his eyes. \u8220\'93Finding them dead still hurts, all these years later. Most of my life since then I was angry at what happened. Every time I hunted a victim, I would see my dead wife. Wh
en they were Turks, I killed them in anger, for revenge, but it didn\u8217\'92t bring back my wife and children. I worked out how to avoid killing people. Since then I\u8217\'92ve tried to do good.\u8221\'94\par
His face changed, losing its sadness, becoming determined. \u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t enter a church, so I know I\u8217\'92m damned. I know I\u8217\'92m evil, and I know what evil I\u8217\'92m capable of. But I don\u8217\'92
t have to choose evil, I can still choose to do good. I\u8217\'92ve tried to do good since I killed my vampire band because they killed our fellow Greeks. I think I\u8217\'92ve accepted what I am. It\u8217\'92s a nuisance
 having to move cities, and take on a new identity, but I know I\u8217\'92ve helped a number of people over the years, in ways I couldn\u8217\'92t have done if I was human. And then Fleur walked into my life.\u8221\'94\par

His face softened, and it was obvious he loved her. \u8220\'93That wouldn\u8217\'92t have happened if I was human. I have a family again, and I\u8217\'92m content. I don\u8217\'92t want to go back to being human, but I wo
uld like to be able to enter a church again.\u8221\'94\par
Why would you want to do that?\u8221\'94 Michael interrupted.\par
\u8220\'93Because it\u8217\'92s important to me, to what I am, or what I was!\u8221\'94 George snapped angrily. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s important to being Greek.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s important to reinforce the idea of right and wrong, and helping with moral dilemmas.\u8221\'94 Lukeios stopped the argument. \u8220\'93Where I live, I play the organ at our local church. I\u8217\'92
m one of two, so I am there most weeks.\u8221\'94\par
He turned to George. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not damned yet. Some of us have rescued a few damned souls, you\u8217\'92re not in any danger. As long as you reject evil and choose good you won\u8217\'92t have a problem.\u8221\'94
\par
\u8220\'93George, when did you last try to enter a church?\u8221\'94 Mifunwi asked.\par
\u8220\'93Years ago, when Fleur was little. We were going to go for Christmas. I couldn\u8217\'92t go in, so we stood outside, and when it finished, we went home.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93I think you may have better luck next time.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Ah, yes.\u8221\'94 Lukeios said scrutinising George. \u8220\'93The energies that Fleur and Melody have been giving you have changed you. I have organ duties tomorrow, about seven in the morning Brisbane time. Wh
y don\u8217\'92t you come with me? I can pick you up at a quarter to seven?\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92re sure I\u8217\'92ll be able to go in?\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93I guarantee it.\u8221\'94 Lukeios smiled.\par
\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll go with you, George.\u8221\'94 Fleur said immediately.\par
\u8220\'93All right. Thank you.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Uncle Luke, can we go too?\u8221\'94 Danila asked.\par
\u8220\'93Of course. The more the merrier.\u8221\'94\par
Nalini looked at me. \u8220\'93I think we should go as well.\u8221\'94\par
\u8220\'93Very well.\u8221\'94 Lukeios said. \u8220\'93A quarter to seven, here or at George\u8217\'92s place. Don\u8217\'92t be late, I won\u8217\'92t wait.\u8221\'94\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
$$\par
\par
}