{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0 Georgia;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi283\cf1\lang3081\kerning1\f0\fs22 [Circa November, 2000. Fleur and Melody are travelling, George is living alone. Fleur is 22. (313 - inc back end) (41000)]\par
\b\par
Chapter - Fire Light, In The Night, Burning Bright.\lang2057\b0\par
\lang3081 It was a dilapidated, prewar, block of flats. George was familiar with it, he passed it every few weeks when he was hunting. Now, at two in the morning, there shouldn\rquote t be any lights.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 One window on the top floor was showing bright orange, flickering light. \ldblquote That\rquote s an awful lot of candles.\rdblquote  George thought to himself. \ldblquote I should take a closer look.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 The doors leading into the stairwells were locked with reasonably new locks; there was a lot of riff raff in the area, which was why he hunted here from time to time. Getting to the fourth floor window didn\rquote t present much of a problem to a two hundred year old vampire. He floated into the air, and rose to the window. From this perspective he could see flames dancing in the room.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 This close, he could also sense an occupant in the flat. He could sense others, more distant, elsewhere in the building, but only one was close. He should rescue whoever was inside, and he should call the fire brigade.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George couldn\rquote t make mind contact with whoever was in this flat, which worried him. He used his powers to wake someone in a neighbouring flat and make them call the fire brigade, as well as ask for an ambulance. His powers made short work of the locked window, sliding it open, and he pulled himself inside.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Behind the smell of smoke and burning he could smell blood. His hunger rose, but he controlled it. The fire had a good hold of the carpets and furnishings on one side. There was the remains of two bottles vodka on the burning sideboard, with a candle wick floating in a puddle of flaming wax. From there it had spread to the plasterboard on the wall, the ceiling, and the carpet. His sensitive nose told him it wasn\rquote t vodka burning, but petrol, soaked into the carpets.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 The living being he\rquote d detected in the room hadn\rquote t set this fire. She was curled up in an armchair near the flames, moaning as if every breath caused intolerable pain. She was covered with blood, and his hunger reared its ugly head, urging him to drink her blood, and take her feeble life force for his own. She was dying, his hunger could make better use of what remained of her life force.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 He bent to pick her up, to carry her away, and realised she was curled up foetally because she had been disembowelled, her intestines spilling into her blood soaked lap. He needed to get her out and down to an ambulance. The window was too small, it had to be the door and the stairs.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 He appraised her injuries as best he could. She had cuts everywhere he could see, some in her left arm had severed the tendons. Her heart beat was erratic, his instincts told him she was dying. There had to be other wounds he couldn\rquote t see causing a lethal blood loss.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Who did this to you, girlie?\rdblquote  He touched her, and was hit by a wall of pain, a scream that never ended.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George used his vampire powers to roll her mind, deadening the pain, making her compliant. \ldblquote I\rquote ll carry you to the ambulance. Where else are you hurt? You\rquote re bleeding from somewhere I can\rquote t see.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 It came as an image, someone thrusting a knife into her back, between her ribs, puncturing her lungs, doing it in several places. She was bleeding into her lungs, and that was pouring out through the punctures. \ldblquote Okay, I\rquote m going to carry you down stairs.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Close up she was in her thirties, with mousy brown hair, pretty, though her makeup was smeared, and her lip had been bitten partially through. There were vampire bites on her neck, several vampires, and more in the crook of each arm. But why the savage injuries?\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George wrapped her in blankets pulled from the bed and carried her towards the locked door. He concentrated, then there was a click, the door opened, and he walked through. \ldblquote Vampires did this to you. Which way are the stairs. Just picture it.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 He had to go right. He used his powers to fly along the corridor. The images came. Five or six vampires, had beaten her, drank her blood, raped her, and then tortured her before setting the place on fire. She was aware, but paralysed, during the whole ordeal. That was how they got their kicks. He felt sickened. It reminded him of finding his wife, all those years ago, after the Turkish soldiers had finished with her, when he was still human. He pushed everything to arm\rquote s length, allowing him to function.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I\rquote m George, I\rquote m a nurse. I\rquote ll get you to the ambulance.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 She sucked in a gasping breath, coughed, a horrible, wet, gurgling sound. The stench of blood almost overwhelmed him. Not only was she bleeding to death, she was drowning from the blood in her lungs. If she were in ICU, perhaps the hospital staff could stabilise her.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I\rquote m ... Larissa...\rdblquote  she sighed.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Don\rquote t try to talk, Larissa. You\rquote ll make it worse. I\rquote ll see if I can hold you more upright.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 There was a fire  door blocking the stairwell; he used his powers to open it. \ldblquote We\rquote re going down the stairs now. Hang in there. If you want to talk, picture it. Think it. I\rquote ll understand you.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 The stairs were a tight zigzag; he couldn\rquote t just drop to ground level. Instead, he flew down, as fast as he dared, knowing there was little he could do for Larissa besides deaden her pain.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\i No pain. Thanks. Can you hear me? \i0  Larissa thought.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Yes.\rdblquote  he thought back. \ldblquote I\rquote ve numbed your pain.\rdblquote  He heard sirens. \ldblquote There\rquote s the fire brigade and the ambulance.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\i Will I live?\lang2057\i0\par
\lang3081 Her heart was racing frantically, raggedly. Too fast.  There wasn\rquote t enough blood left. \ldblquote I hope so. We\rquote re on the second level now.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Her heart fluttered, then stopped. With a massive blood transfusion, defibrillator, or heart massage, and stopping the bleeding, she could be brought back. As it was, she had about thirty seconds of consciousness left.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Hang in there.\rdblquote  He felt stupid saying it. The door at the bottom of the stairs was barred, and it took a little time to open.\lang2057  Stupid and illegal to bar fire stairs.\par
\lang3081\i Floating.\i0  Then the mind contact faded, and her body slumped. A smoky glow formed above Larissa\rquote s body as her spirit left it. George touched ground and ran into the night, her spirit bobbing like a child\rquote s balloon behind him.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 He was partly blinded by the fire truck\rquote s lights. He ran at the nearest fireman. \ldblquote The fire\rquote s fourth floor on the right.\rdblquote  he shouted. \ldblquote No one else in the flat. Where\rquote s the ambulance?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Should be here any moment. Is he injured, or is it smoke?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Someone cut her up very badly, then left her to die. They set the place on fire. Where\rquote s the bloody ambulance?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I\rquote m a paramedic. Let me take a look.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote And I\rquote m a med student. She\rquote s bleeding to death. Multiple stab wounds.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 The ambulance arrived, and George leaped the intervening six meters to land beside the passenger door.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote She\rquote s bleeding to death!\rdblquote  he yelled.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 The paramedic was out the door, yelling \ldblquote John, open the back!\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote What are her injuries?\rdblquote  the woman asked George, leading him to the back of the ambulance.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Multiple stab wounds to her back, she\rquote s been disembowelled, she\rquote s bleeding heavily into her lungs, and she\rquote s lost a lot of  blood. There may be other injuries.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 John had the back of the ambulance open, and a trolley bed pulled out. He handed his partner surgical gloves as George laid his burden on the trolley and opened the blood soaked blanket. \ldblquote Jesus Christ!\rdblquote  John exclaimed. \ldblquote Who did this?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I found her like that. I live in flat forty seven.\rdblquote  It didn\rquote t exist. \ldblquote I\rquote d been out, I came home late, smelled smoke. I raised the alarm, then went into her flat and found her. I just carried her down the stairs. She was moving a bit more when I picked her up.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 The female paramedic was examining Larissa. She put a stethoscope to the woman\rquote s chest. \ldblquote There\rquote s no heartbeat.\rdblquote  the woman exclaimed. \ldblquote John, get the equipment. Please stand back, sir.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I\rquote ll let you get on with it.\rdblquote  George took several paces back. See me not. Remember me not. About him, the firemen and paramedics went about their work, oblivious to him. Larissa\rquote s ghost was yelling and screaming at a couple of firemen unloading hoses from the truck.\lang2057  People were congregating, watching with interest. Some were emerging from the block in which Larissa had lived.\par
\lang3081 The vampires that had attacked her might still be around, watching from the shadows. George tested carefully about him with his vampire senses. Nothing.  Which figured, they\rquote d left Larissa to die alone so her vengeful ghost couldn\rquote t haunt them. He\rquote d better go before she spotted him. \lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Hey! You\rquote re the guy who carried me out of the flat. You can see me, can\rquote t you.\rdblquote  Larissa floated before him, seemingly covered in blood. \ldblquote Why can\rquote t anyone else see me?\rdblquote  George had reached the street.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote You\rquote re a spirit. Your body is over there on that trolley bed.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Oh. Am I dead?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George pointed out a line of silvery grey smoke that connected her spirit to her body. \ldblquote Not yet. That cord means your body isn\rquote t dead. But you\rquote ve no heartbeat, and you lost a lot of blood. The paramedics are trying to revive you. I don\rquote t like your chances. I\rquote m sorry.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Larissa looked sad. \ldblquote I don\rquote t want to die. What happens when I die?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George had experience with that since he became a vampire. \ldblquote When your body dies, you mean. You\rquote ll still be here. At some point someone will collect you, and take you to the realm of the dead. Don\rquote t ask me about that, I haven\rquote t been there, since I\rquote m not dead. Before then, you hang around the realm of the living, and make a nuisance of yourself to your killers.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote But I\rquote m not dead yet, you said. What do I do now?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Here was his chance to be rid of her. \ldblquote Stay with your body. There\rquote s a chance you\rquote ll pull through, and you\rquote ll wake up back in your body, in hospital. If that cord fades away, it means you\rquote re dead. Stick around for your funeral, and if no one comes to collect you, hunt down those who killed you.  Find out everything about them you can. Eventually, someone will ask you about them, and that will be your chance to bring them to justice.\rdblquote  He was making some of it up, but most of it was what seemed to happen.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote George. That\rquote s your name. How do you know all this?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I\rquote m a nurse, I work at the local hospital. I often talk to people who are dying, sit with them. I can see ghosts, so I can talk with them after they die. I\rquote m just telling you what they\rquote ve told me. Anyway, I was on my way home from late shift...\rdblquote  not true \ldblquote so I\rquote d best be on my way. Good luck, Larissa. If they take you to my hospital, I\rquote ll visit you.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Larissa looked woebegone, but she nodded. \ldblquote All right, George. Get some sleep. I feel a lot better now.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I have that affect on people. See ya.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\par
\par
\par
\b Chapter - Such Stuff as Dreams are made of.\lang2057\b0\par
\lang3081 George walked home in a reflective mood. This was the fifth fire in little more than three weeks. The other four had destroyed buildings, and they\rquote d found charred human remains in each. The newspapers said the police suspected arson. Now they had proof, and Larissa's injuries suggested the others were murder victims too.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 But the police were out of their depth against vampires. Though come to think of it, George knew of two vampires in the force, daywalkers like himself, who would be up to it. Then again, most vampires were blood oathed  to the master of masters, the Black Prince, the master of all Britain. Those who weren\rquote t, like George, were masters in their own right, ones whom the Black Prince trusted,  ones whom the Black Prince would kill if they stepped out of line.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 That left a few rogues, to whom the Black Prince would offer a choice - blood oath, or death. The vampires who attacked Larissa were either rogues, or carrying out the Black Prince\rquote s will. He needed to make a few phone calls when he reached home.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\par
George didn\rquote t get through to the Black Prince, but Cerdic, one of the Prince's bodyguards, promised to see he received the message. George went to bed.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\par
The telephone woke him about a quarter to five in the morning, but he was instantly awake. He grabbed the phone, and the Black Prince\rquote s bored, aristocratic drawl answered.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Ah, George, I do hope I\rquote m not interrupting anything important.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Erm, no sir. You got my message then?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Yes, George, I did. I have enquired into this matter, and discovered a good friend of mine wants to redevelop the area. He is in the process of convincing the tenants to vacate. I can assure you that none of my vampires are involved.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Fine. But they are killing humans, leaving them to burn to death in the fires.\rdblquote  George protested.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote George, have you forgotten that vampires prey on humans? A fire is a very good way to dispose of a human victim. I don\rquote t want you rescuing anyone else.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote But she\rquote d been badly cut up, sir. They didn\rquote t just drink her blood and start a fire to destroy her dead body. She was still alive!\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I fully understand that, George. I have asked my friend to assure that any future victims are dead before they start a fire. I don\rquote t want you saving any more bodies with vampire bites on them. Is that clear?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Yes sir.\rdblquote  George was crestfallen. \ldblquote But you\rquote re sure that none of your vampires are involved?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Yes, I am sure. Now get some rest, I believe you have to work at that hospital in the morning. Good night, George.\rdblquote  The phone clicked. \lang2057\par
\lang3081 George went back to bed, thinking - they\rquote re not his vampires. Plausible deniability. And I\rquote m not his vampire either. As Fleur says, \lquote I know what Batman would do\rquote .\lang2057\par
\lang3081\par
Breakfast was George\rquote s usual protein shake with fruit and yoghurt added in. Vampires could eat human food - it nourished the body, but didn\rquote t satisfy the hunger. Liquid sat better in his stomach. \lang2057\par
\lang3081 He burned a lot of energy the previous night; he would have to feed the hunger soon. His adopted daughter Fleur was travelling Europe with her friend Melody. He missed them both, especially Fleur; she would also give him some of her power, something that would stop the hunger for a few days.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 The hunger told him he\rquote d been a fool to pass up the opportunity of Larissa\rquote s life force. She would have died anyway, he\rquote d have done her a kindness.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote But then she\rquote d haunt me.\rdblquote  He argued back, aloud. \ldblquote That\rquote s just crazy.\rdblquote  But the hunger didn\rquote t care.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\par
The morning newspaper reported the fire, and one person being taken to hospital. No mention of any deaths. The rest was speculation about who was doing it and why. Larissa hadn\rquote t been admitted to his hospital. They must have restarted her heart, if no one died, and one person was hospitalised. Who\rquote d have thought she\rquote d pull through?\lang2057\par
\lang3081 He performed his duties,  and then made his way to one of the wards where the terminally ill were housed. He often cheered up the inmates, talking with them, easing their pains. Most of them were old people, wrinkly, wizened; some were younger, that was always sad. Old people always cheered George up, reminding him he was much older than they, and that there was a reason for living.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Most of them had shadows on them - the deeper the shadow, the sooner they would die. One who didn\rquote t was old Martha, bright as a button, but struck with Alzheimer\rquote s, and living in the time before the war had struck. She and George could reminisce about life back then. She seemed to think there was a war on, and didn\rquote t mind living in the hospital ward. The other nurses commented she was always well behaved when George came to visit.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 The three darkest shadows were on Mrs. McGinty, Mrs. McGonagle, and Fr. Doherty, a retired Catholic priest. Most of them greeted George happily, but Mr. Doherty snarled \ldblquote Take yer smile away. There\rquote s nothing to smile about.\rdblquote  He was always a cranky bastard, blaming God for cursing him with old age and illness. George smiled and made a decision.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 He bought new magazines for ladies, and chatted with them for a bit. Fr. Doherty complained about their laughter, their inane chatter, and everything else.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Are you in pain, Fr. Doherty?\rdblquote  George asked. \ldblquote Would you like me to massage you a bit, see if that fixes the pain.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I won\rquote t have some heathen putting his hands on me.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Mrs McGinty and Mrs. McGonagle protested that George\rquote s massages always fixed their aches and pains. George commented \ldblquote I\rquote m Christian, but I\rquote m Greek Catholic.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Yer mean yer orthodox. Hmph. Well, maybe you can help. But I bet you can\rquote t. Nothing works.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George rolled the man\rquote s mind, making him compliant. \ldblquote You\rquote ll never know unless you give it a go.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Hmph. All right.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George laid his hands gently on the other man\rquote s bony shoulders and made rubbing motions. It was easy for him to deaden the pain. At the same time, he was taking the old man\rquote s life energy. This was a palliative care ward, were patients were kept comfortable until their disease or their medication killed them. In return for some of their life energy, George would ensure they remained pain free for several days.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 The old man fell asleep after about fifteen minutes. George stopped taking energy immediately. He was already feeling much better. \ldblquote Well, that certainly quietened him down. Anyone else like a massage?\rdblquote   Normally, George did not touch their minds until they had agreed to a massage. Taking energy was a hands on process.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 The three old ladies each asked for a massage, along with old Ron, who was in his seventies, and in the last stages of cancer. Oddly enough, the three cancer patients seemed to benefit each time George took energy from them. He had a theory that he was taking energy from the cancer.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Eventually George left five sleeping patients and walked out full of energy. No one had died.\lang2057  Fleur and Melody would be happy.\par
\lang3081\par
That night his dreams were disturbed. Larissa appeared with all her gory injuries, acting out parts of the attack. George could recognise some of the attackers, but the dreams kept changing to scenes of his wife. In reality she had been dead when he found her, but in the dreams she died in his arms, over and over again.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Eventually he woke screaming \ldblquote ENOUGH!\rdblquote , and sat in the greyness wracked by gut wrenching sobs. He wished he could die, but as a vampire that wasn\rquote t so easy. He also couldn\rquote t shake the feeling that if he died he\rquote d go to hell, and live those dreams for all eternity. He must have sobbed for several minutes before he managed a deep breath and sighed exhaustedly.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 He felt a tingling on his arm. \ldblquote Oh, George, I am so very sorry. I didn\rquote t know.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 He looked up into Larissa\rquote s woebegone face, streaked with tears and blood. \ldblquote Larissa.\rdblquote  he managed, gathering his wits. Larissa had touched his arm with her hand.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote George, please forgive me, I really didn\rquote t know. Who was she?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote She ...\rdblquote  he stopped, unable to go on. He took another breath, sighed heavily. \ldblquote She was my wife. The Turks invaded Greece in the 1500s, long before I was born. When I was thirty one, soldiers came to my village. I was cutting wood away from the village. When I came home I found her. They raped her and cut her ...\rdblquote  his voice broke again.\par
Larissa touched his arm. \ldblquote You don\rquote t have to say any more.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I have to tell you.\rdblquote  he snapped. \ldblquote They cut her up, and left her to die, and they did the same with my children.\rdblquote  He was distancing himself from the events again, pushing them back to arm\rquote s length. Larissa\rquote s mouth dropped open, and she put a knuckle to her lips. George continued more matter of factly \ldblquote It was a long time ago, but it still hurts.\rdblquote  He sniffed loudly and wiped his eyes.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote When did this happen?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Last May was one hundred and eighty nine years ago, it happened in May 1811.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How can you be that old?\rdblquote  Larissa interrupted.\par
George ignored her question. \ldblquote After I buried them, I fled into the forest, joined a small band of freedom fighters. I didn\rquote t realise at the time, but they were vampires. They made me one three days later. I had no say in it.\rdblquote  He made a noise of disgust. \ldblquote And here you are. You\rquote re dead, aren\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Did you say vampire? And didn\rquote t you tell me the people who attacked me were vampires? Do vampires really exist?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George rubbed his face with his hands. \ldblquote Yes, unfortunately vampires do exist. But we\rquote re not really like Dracula or all the stories.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Is that what vampires do? Go around raping and killing?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Is that what humans do?\rdblquote  George snapped back. \ldblquote If you\rquote re a rapist or a serial killer when you become a vampire, you\rquote re still a rapist or a  serial killer. Most of us were decent humans before it happened, we\rquote re still decent after. I rescued you, remember? So, what happened to you? You\rquote re here, in my room.\rdblquote\lang2057  There was no silver cord attached to her anymore.\par
\lang3081\ldblquote So, you drink blood?\rdblquote\lang2057  She wouldn't be diverted.\par
\lang3081 He decided playing loose with the truth was in his interests. \ldblquote We can eat normal food, and we can take energy from living things without unduly harming them. We don\rquote t need to drink blood.\rdblquote  He did his best to sound defensive. \ldblquote And here you are, in my bedroom, in the middle of the night.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Yes, but there\rquote s so much I want to ask you.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Most of it can wait until morning. You\rquote re not only in my bedroom in the middle of the night, you invaded my dreams, haunted me, stirring up everything that hurts me. Why? And how did you get into my dreams?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Larissa looked at him, seeming to see him clearly for the first time. \ldblquote I\rquote m sorry George, I don\rquote t feel myself at the moment. I\rquote m confused. And you\rquote re the only one who talks to me. I think I saw some other spirits of dead people; they saw me, talked to me, but they didn\rquote t make any sense. It was like they were mad.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George settled back. \ldblquote I\rquote ve seen a few ghosts since I became a vampire. I think some are mad, or maybe they\rquote re like a recording or a picture that is fading. You know those instant photos you can take? If you leave them lying around long enough, they fade. Records get scratched to the point you can\rquote t listen to them any more. I think most people who\rquote ve died hang around for a time, maybe until they are buried or something. Then they go to the realm of the dead, heaven or what ever. Some don\rquote t move on, and they seem to be stuck on one idea. They don\rquote t make sense because they are consumed by that idea. It might be those who died violently, or died young, but I\rquote m not sure.\rdblquote  He sighed, then smiled a winning smile. \ldblquote But you\rquote re here in my bedroom, you invaded my dreams to show me how you were attacked. You want to talk with me, don\rquote t you? And there\rquote s something you want to tell me.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Larissa stared at him. Then she shook herself as if waking from a daze. \ldblquote Yes, you are the only person who talks to me, and makes sense. I didn\rquote t realise it was the middle of the night, and I don\rquote t know how I got into your dreams. I can come back later if you prefer.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote You don\rquote t seem to have a good grasp on the passage of time here. Who knows when later will be? You\rquote ve woken me up now, so we can talk. By the way, you don\rquote t have to look like your body did when it died. You can look like you when you were alive. The spirits of the dead who make sense look like they did when they were alive. Picture yourself as you were the day before, or even earlier the same day, before anything bad happened. You were dressed up and you were quite pretty.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Larissa smiled. Her face lost its bloodstains and bruises. \ldblquote I guess I was. I went out with some friends after work, we had dinner, drinks at the pub, we talked, then I caught the bus home. I didn\rquote t think anyone was following me.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Maybe they were, maybe they weren\rquote t.\rdblquote  George cut her off. \ldblquote I made a call to the head of the vampires in London,\rdblquote  why didn\rquote t I say Britain - because I want to down play all this, \ldblquote and he told me that a friend of his - another master vampire, wants to demolish the area and redevelop. The fires and everything are leverage to get vacant possession.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Larissa looked at him open mouthed. George continued \ldblquote Your attackers set a fire, and the police were supposed to find your charred remains. This was the fifth fire in three weeks, there were charred remains in the other four.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Larissa looked sad again. \ldblquote Do you think the others were raped and beaten?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Sadly, yes. Whoever it is, they get their kicks out of it. The fire destroys any evidence of an attack, as long as they don\rquote t damage your bones, or leave evidence around that will survive a fire.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I want to do something about them. Someone must know who they are.\rdblquote  Determination had replaced sadness.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Well, you\rquote re dead now, so you can find out who they are and where they live. But tell me what happened to you. I looked for you yesterday, but you hadn\rquote t been admitted to my hospital.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Oh, I sat in the ambulance watching the woman work on me while the guy drove at breakneck speed. They got me to hospital, they connected all sorts of equipment up to me. You\rquote re right, I don\rquote t have a good grasp of the passage of time. I thought they were working for about ten minutes only, but dawn light was coming in when they disconnected me, so it must have been several hours.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote If they can keep oxygenated blood flowing, they can keep you from having brain damage and organ damage. They need a senior doctor to decide you can\rquote t be revived. Do you remember when your cord faded?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No. I remembered later, when they had taken me to the morgue. I didn\rquote t have the cord any more. I went to visit my mother, my brother, but they couldn\rquote t see me. I think I wandered about in a daze for a time. Then I was talking to you, but it was your dream. We were in a big old house. I was telling you what they did, and they kept appearing, and it scared me. And then that woman appeared, and those ugly men. I kept trying to bring it back to what I was telling you. Eventually you screamed and here we are. I\rquote m really sorry, I didn\rquote t want to upset you.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote That\rquote s all right, I\rquote m over it now. I know she survived the death of her body. Perhaps one day I will find her, or she will find me. But the body dies and the spirit survives, that\rquote s the important thing. Your body died, but you are still here. That is something positive to keep in mind.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Larissa was nodding. \ldblquote Yes, I\rquote m still here. It\rquote s really strange at the moment, but I\rquote m here, and you and I can talk. I think you\rquote re keeping me sane.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote You\rquote re confused, and lonely. I\rquote m the only one who talks to you and makes sense.\rdblquote  He smiled. \ldblquote So, let\rquote s see if we can do something about those people. You should be able to tune into them, and find out where they live, and maybe their names. If you can do that, I can give the information to the police.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Would you? The police have seen my body, they must know I was murdered. If you can give them names and addresses, they\rquote ll arrest them, right?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote They need to gather evidence. If you could find out where and when the next hit was going to be, they might stake it out, and catch them in the act.\rdblquote  Who am I kidding? They\rquote re vampires, no human copper will catch them, or even see them.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Really? Then how do we stop them?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote You heard me think that? Well, you\rquote re a ghost, and I\rquote m a vampire. Between us we might make enough of a difference so they can catch them.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I have to find them, don\rquote t I?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Yes, I don\rquote t know who they are, I can\rquote t find them without your help. Now look, Larissa, I enjoy talking with you, but I do need some sleep, I have to work tomorrow, or is it later this morning? Remember to be positive. I\rquote ll talk with you later.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote All right.\rdblquote  Larissa smiled. \ldblquote I guess I can visit your dreams and talk with you there.\rdblquote  She vanished.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\par
George awoke with memories of a dream of a stately manor, European ornamental gardens, and walking around with Larissa. Of course she was confused and lonely, he was happy to cheer her up, as long as she didn\rquote t start haunting him.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 He checked the bedroom - no sign of Larissa. There was sunlight behind the closed curtains, and the clock said eight oh three. There was still plenty of time before his ten A.M. shift. He rose, threw a robe over his naked body, and padded to the bathroom to wash himself. He didn\rquote t need the robe, Fleur and Melody were travelling Europe, so the house was empty, but old habits die hard.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Larissa appeared as he reentered the bedroom. \ldblquote Hi Larissa, I need to dress, would you mind turning your back?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 There was no point telling her to go outside, but she wasn\rquote t his lover, so he didn\rquote t want to encourage her. \ldblquote Sure.\rdblquote  She turned around.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George dressed quickly. \ldblquote Were you in my dream again?\rdblquote  He described parts of the dream.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 He was buttoning his shirt when she turned to face him. \ldblquote I often had dreams of that place, when I was alive. Last night, you encouraged me to see if I could find it again. You took my hand, and we went there. It was a little weird, like waking up and finding you\rquote re in a dream. The stag\rquote s head on the wall talked to us, do you remember? And if we looked at anything intently, it would shimmer like it was under water.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I remember. Over the years I have met other ghosts, and met with them in dreams. I\rquote ve never met living people in dreams, well, except for Fleur and Melody. Neither of them are human.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Who are they?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Long story.\rdblquote  George smiled. \ldblquote Let\rquote s get breakfast.\rdblquote  He led the way to the kitchen. \ldblquote Fleur is my adopted daughter. I rescued her from the street when she was nine, and brought her up. Melody is her best friend.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 He pulled out the blender and started organising breakfast. \ldblquote I\rquote m afraid you\rquote ll have to make your own.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I don\rquote t need to eat, do I?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote No, but it\rquote s like in dreams, you can create food and drink.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Oh, all right. How old is Fleur now?\rdblquote\lang2057  \par
\lang3081\ldblquote She\rquote s nineteen; no, she\rquote s twenty one. She and Melody are touring Europe together. I\rquote ve become used to having them around the house, I miss them now they\rquote re away.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Does Melody live here too? What happened to her parents? And Fleur\rquote s?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George blended up his milk, yoghurt, protein powder and fruit. \ldblquote Melody is even older than me. She shapeshifted to look like a human child so she could go to school. She wanted her A levels. That\rquote s where Fleur met her. We believe Fleur actually was a child, but we\rquote ve never been able to find her parents.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Did you say shapeshifted? Like changed her body?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, she used her powers to change the way she looked, so she could go to school.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Is she a vampire? Can all vampires do that?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote As far as I know, no vampire can shapeshift, though legend says Dracula could change into a bat. I don\rquote t believe that. Werewolves can shapeshift between wolf and human. Fleur and Melody are not vampires, and not werewolves.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Then what are they? You said they\rquote re not human. What did you mean by that?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George poured his breakfast into a glass, drank most of it. \ldblquote It gets complicated. Vampires and werewolves start out as humans. But there are other beings who appear in European legends, who aren\rquote t human, and have some kind of magical powers. We know of them, but we don\rquote t know much about them. Melody says she and Fleur are what humans call elves, but don\rquote t ask me to define an elf. You\rquote ll have to ask Melody that.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Gee, there\rquote s so much I don\rquote t know. You\rquote re an interesting man George.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Thanks. It would have been good to meet while you were alive. Although be warned, I don\rquote t normally date human girls.\rdblquote  George measured water and sugar into a small pot, and put it on the stove to cook.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Why not?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote The ones I have dated couldn\rquote t accept me as I am.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Oh. What are you doing?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Making Greek coffee.\rdblquote  He got coffee beans from the refrigerator, put some into an electric grinder, and ground them noisily to a powder. \ldblquote In the old days we had to do this by hand, and it would take a lot longer.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George spooned ground coffee into the pot. \ldblquote This has to boil, but not boil over. My wife always took it off the heat, and put it back twice.\rdblquote  He demonstrated. \ldblquote Once the foam settles, it goes back on the heat. After you do that twice, it has a good crema.\rdblquote\par
\lang2057 Larissa was nodding. \ldblquote My mum makes that sometimes.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Is she Greek?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, Russian. She calls it Turkish coffee.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Slavs call it that. Greeks still don\rquote t. The Turkish occupation was fading from our memories, but Cypress made it fresh again.\rdblquote  George sighed. \ldblquote I cling to my Greek heritage as the last vestige of my humanity. At least, that\rquote s what Melody says. She\rquote s probably right. I don\rquote t hate Turks anymore.\rdblquote\par
\lang3081 He spooned some froth into a cup, then poured in the black, steaming liquid. \ldblquote I\rquote ve made too much again. It\rquote s a shame you can\rquote t have some. Oh, no offence meant.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote It\rquote s all right. I\rquote m still getting used to being able to go places instantly.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote You should be able to walk through walls, too.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 They chatted while he drank his coffee. She followed him to the bathroom and watched while he cleaned his teeth. He had to stop her from following him to the toilet. He grabbed his jacket, went out the front door and locked it. Larissa followed.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Look, I\rquote m going to work, by bus. I can\rquote t talk to you, people won\rquote t see you and will think I\rquote m crazy. I hope you don\rquote t mind.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Hold your mobile phone to your ear, and pretend you\rquote re talking to someone.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I don\rquote t own one, I\rquote m old fashioned.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote All right, but I don\rquote t know what to do with myself.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote You can come along, if you like. Or you can try to find your attackers.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote How?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote How do you find me?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I just think about you, and I\rquote m here.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Then that\rquote s what you do. We need to know their addresses, and hopefully their names.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I\rquote m not sure if I want to do that right now.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\par
Larissa followed him onto the bus, where he sat beside someone. When that person got off, George moved over. Larissa sat beside him. \ldblquote What will you do when someone sits on you?\rdblquote  George whispered.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Make them get off?\rdblquote  \lang2057\par
\lang3081 At the next stop more passengers got on, and one large man made a beeline for the seemingly vacant seat beside George. He got up almost immediately, and began prodding the seat. \ldblquote I think there\rquote s a loose spring.\rdblquote  George commented. Larissa was giggling.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote It felt like an electric shock. They should maintain these buses better.\rdblquote  the man complained, moving away to stand morosely. \lang2057\par
\lang3081 As their journey progressed, others tried to sit beside George, but no one stayed. They alighted near the hospital. \ldblquote There\rquote s a few ghosts in the hospital.\rdblquote  George remarked. \ldblquote I\rquote ve never found them good for much conversation, though.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I expect dying in a hospital would make you very sad.\rdblquote  Larissa opined. \ldblquote I was sad for a while, but I have you to talk to, and you cheer me up.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I cheer people up in the hospital, too. I have to do something to make life worthwhile.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote What do you mean?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Well, I could live a very long time, but when I die, I\rquote ll go to hell. Maybe, if I help enough people, I can be saved.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote You don\rquote t really believe in hell, do you? When you die, you\rquote ll wind up like me.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote No, I\rquote ve seen people die, I\rquote ve seen vampires die. When people die, the spirit hangs around, like yours. When vampires die, something dark whooshes by and there\rquote s nothing left. Even the body crumbles to dust.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 It was Larissa\rquote s turn to cheer George up. He finally conceded \ldblquote Melody says I\rquote m mistaken. Those girls gave me a purpose in life, a family, something I\rquote d been lacking ever since I became a vampire. I\rquote m feeling better, I have to go to work.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\par
Larissa followed him around at work, watching him interact with other staff and the patients. She became bored, and began making faces at him while he was talking to people. It annoyed him sufficiently that partway through a conversation with a doctor he used his vampire powers to pause it, and gently rebuked Larissa. \ldblquote This is my work; if I misunderstand something, a patient could die. Follow me around if you like, but please don\rquote t distract me.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Sorry. I\rquote m just a bit bored.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Well, you could always go for a walk around the city.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George got back to work. Larissa followed him for a while, then vanished. George was careful not to sigh with relief, in case she reappeared.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\par
Towards the end of his shift she reappeared. He had his hands on Fr. Doherty\rquote s shoulders, taking energy, and numbing the man\rquote s aches and pains. \ldblquote I must have slept for twelve hours, but I woke up feeling better than I have for ages.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Maybe God is finally answering your prayers.\rdblquote  George responded.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Well, he\rquote s taken his time about it.\rdblquote  The priest complained.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Ah well, God doesn\rquote t pay every Saturday. Perhaps you had a few sins on your conscience that you\rquote ve paid for now.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 The old priest chuckled. \ldblquote Sins of thought, perhaps. I\rquote m too old and sick to commit any sins of deed.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Hah! Greek priests can get married. Your lot can\rquote t. That\rquote s why you turned into a cranky old man.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Hah yourself. I\rquote ve seen many unhappy married men, and they still become grumpy old men. I\rquote m cranky because I\rquote m sick and in pain.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote And because you can no longer sin by deed, only by thought!\rdblquote  George crowed.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I\rquote ll whack you with my walking stick, young George. I\rquote m a man of the cloth, I don\rquote t commit sins.\rdblquote  Fr. Doherty sounded amused.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Well, you\rquote ll have to catch me first. Now, just relax, you\rquote ll probably fall asleep soon.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 When the priest fell asleep, Larissa asked George what he was doing, adding \ldblquote You\rquote re very good with them.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I use my powers to take away their pain.\rdblquote  George replied. \ldblquote And I might just be helping them heal.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote What\rquote s oncology?\rdblquote  She had trouble pronouncing the word.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Cancer. Everyone here has terminal cancer. Except Martha over there. She\rquote s in remission, but she has Alzheimer\rquote s, and no family to send her home to. Several others I\rquote ve used my powers on have been sent home because they are in remission.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote What does remission mean? Are they cured?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote It means there is no sign of it, but it may come back. Someone elderly, they\rquote ll probably die of old age before any returning cancer can kill them. I still have to treat those two old ladies over there, then I can go home.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote We can go home. All right George, talk to me when you\rquote re finished.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\par
On the way home, George told Larissa, sitting beside him on the bus, \ldblquote I\rquote ll stop at the market on the way home to buy some food. I promised the girls I would eat well. What did you get up to today?\rdblquote  They\rquote d found he could talk softly and Larissa could still hear him. The general noise on the bus disguised him talking.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I went for a walk. I went sight seeing, window shopping - that was depressing, let me tell you, I can\rquote t try on clothes let alone buy them; and I met a couple of ghosts. We had tea together.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Now that\rquote s interesting. Who were they?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Well, they said their names were Joyce and Charles, and they died during the blitz. They\rquote re not sure what is supposed to happen. They were a bit vague, but they say they\rquote ve been hanging around London. They showed me how to create a table and chairs, and tea and scones.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote It must be a boring existence if they\rquote ve been having tea and scones for sixty years.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I told them what you told me, but they didn\rquote t believe it.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Sounds like they\rquote re stuck. There\rquote s something they need to do before they can move on.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Oh. Can you help them?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Maybe. But they need to talk with Melody - she believes in reincarnation, and has a much better idea than I do.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\par
George bought himself steak and salad vegetables. Larissa watched him cook, then created a similar dish for herself so she could eat with him. \ldblquote Hey, this actually tastes good!\rdblquote  She commented.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Thanks. Melody told me you can taste anything you tasted while you were alive, but nothing you haven\rquote t tasted. She was talking about dreams, but I know it\rquote s the same.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 They chatted about various small things, but George wanted to Larissa bring up the subject of her attackers. She didn\rquote t. Finally, George put coffee on. \ldblquote You haven\rquote t located any of your attackers, have you?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Erm, no, I haven\rquote t felt like it. I think I\rquote m healing just spending time with you.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Oops, danger sign. \ldblquote Well, consider, there\rquote s been five attacks in twenty two days. So every four or five days an attack happens. Tonight should be fine, but within three more nights someone else will be attacked. We should do something to prevent any further attacks.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Larissa nodded, wide eyed. \ldblquote And you need me to find them for you.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote No pressure. The alternative is to stalk the area in two more nights, in the hope of finding them. We will find them eventually, but it may take us several more attacks.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote So you mean you\rquote d go out looking for them?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I\rquote ll let you into a secret. The reason I found you in the first place was I was stalking them, without much idea of who I was looking for.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Wow, you\rquote re serious, aren\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Fleur calls me Batman, because I go out at night hunting criminals. Melody calls me her dark knight. I don\rquote t deal much with ordinary human criminals, I deal with rogue vampires. I need some leads to track these rogues down.\rdblquote  \lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote All right, I will see if I can find someone, after we finish dinner. I still have vague recollections of about three or four.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George pointed at her with both index fingers. \ldblquote That\rquote s my girl. Don\rquote t let your death be in vain.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George wanted to read his newspaper while he savoured his coffee, Larissa wanted to watch television. George obligingly turned it on, and set the channel.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I can\rquote t hear anything.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Hmm. I don\rquote t think there are subtitles. You may have to read the newspaper with me.\rdblquote  \lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote It\rquote s all right, George. Being dead sucks.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Hmm, think of it as being on holiday. You just have to find things to do. We didn\rquote t have television when I was your age. No newspapers either.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Larissa managed a smile. \ldblquote Since you\rquote re not dead, should you be giving me advice? It\rquote s all right, I\rquote ll go for a walk, see if I can find some other ghosts.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Vampires and werewolves can see you, and dogs and cats, and of course people like Fleur and Melody.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote If I can find one of those guys who attacked me, what do I do?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Don\rquote t let him see you. Find out where he is, then come back to me. I\rquote ll pay him a visit.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote All right. See you.\rdblquote  Larissa vanished.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George read his newspaper, washed the dishes, and then climbed up into the attic. There was actually a room here, which George used for storage. He moved aside a heavy chest of drawers, then lifted up a floor board, exposing a niche containing two wooden boxes and a cloth bag. He pulled them out and placed them on a coffee table, then sat on an old chair.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 He opened one box to reveal an old style revolver and two boxes of bullets. He took a leather wrapped bundle from the chest of drawers and unwrapped it, laying out oil, small wire brushes and other tools on the coffee table. Then he dismantled the gun, checked, cleaned and oiled everything. He was reassembling the gun when he felt a prickling sensation. Larissa\rquote s voice asked \ldblquote What are you doing?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Making sure it will work. The bullets are silver, one shot in the head will kill most vampires or werewolves.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Oh. Erm, do you know how to use it? Do you think you\rquote ll need it?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George continued working. \ldblquote Back in Greece, when I became a vampire, I was a freedom fighter, fighting against the Turkish occupation of Greece. I learned to use a pistol, and a knife, and to kill with my bare hands. I killed a number of Turkish soldiers. But we discovered that some of the Turks we killed rose again as vampires. I learned to kill vampires. Then I found that my small family of vampires was killing fellow Greeks. I told them to stop, but they wouldn\rquote t.\rdblquote  The gun was assembled, and he spun the magazine. \ldblquote So I killed my vampire family.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George pulled the lever to swing the magazine out, and started loading bullets. \ldblquote After that, I left Greece. A few years later, they gained their independence from the Ottoman Turks, but I couldn\rquote t return. Instead I worked my way across Europe. I studied medicine at La Sorbonne in Paris in the 1880s and qualified as a doctor. I moved to England in the 1900s, and worked as a doctor for a while. But I was also dealing with rogue vampires. The Black Prince, he\rquote s the head of all the vampires in Britain, made me one of his trouble shooters. He made sure I trained in martial arts. Over the years I\rquote ve killed a few rogue vampires. So, yes, I know how to use it. And I think I will need it.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\par
\b Chapter - Pusher Man\lang2057\b0\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Well, George, you will be proud of me. I located one of my attackers.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Good girl! Do you have the address?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Yes, but it\rquote s a club and brothel. He\rquote s upstairs with a couple of girls.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote All right, I have a street directory downstairs. Let\rquote s see where it is. Just give me a few minutes.\rdblquote  George pulled a shoulder holster from the bag, strapped it on, and put the loaded gun into it. He opened the second box, which contained a long bladed knife, and two smaller ones. The smaller ones he strapped to his arms, the larger one he strapped to his back, the top of the hilt was hidden by his hair. \ldblquote There is silver in these blades.\rdblquote  He shrugged and wiggled to be sure the sit of the harnesses was comfortable. He replaced the bag and boxes in the hole, replaced the wood and moved the chest of drawers over it. The tools were wrapped up and put back in the drawer. \ldblquote Let\rquote s go down stairs.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 He located the premises. \ldblquote That\rquote s not too far. I can run there in twenty minutes. Probably less if I go over the roofs.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Wow, you really are like Batman.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Huh! No bat car or anything. Now, before we go, can you think of him and show me his image? Don\rquote t go to him, but I\rquote m hoping that if you imagine him, I will see him from your thoughts.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote How does that work?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I don\rquote t know, but we are speaking, and you have no physical voice box to make sound. How does that work?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Larissa began to think about what the vampire had done to her, and her face became grim. George put his hands to her face, and touched his forehead to hers. The face was clear, and George realised the man was raping Larissa.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Sorry to do that to you.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote It doesn\rquote t bother me as much now. It\rquote s like it happened to someone else.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I recognise him. People call him Dougie the Druggie. He\rquote s a pusher and small time thug. He likes causing pain. Last time we met, I broke both his arms. I think he took a few hours to heal. Are you ready?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Larissa looked at George with big eyes. She nodded wordlessly. Then she said, \ldblquote You\rquote re serious. I\rquote ve never met someone like you. You can be kind, but you can be ... erm ... a warrior, I think is the word I\rquote m looking for.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Thanks.\rdblquote  George smiled. \ldblquote Freedom fighter, warrior, protector of the weak, avenger. Now you know why Fleur calls me Batman.\rdblquote  He slipped on a jacket, and they left.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George took off down the street in an effortless lope, striding out like a marathon runner, but going faster than the average car. He made no noise. Larissa glided along beside him, smiling a somewhat maniacal smile. Neither of them spoke.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 They reached the main street, choked with cars. George leaped, rising higher and higher as he passed over the street, to land on the roof of the building beyond.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote How did you do that?\rdblquote  Larissa asked.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I can fly, though it takes a lot of effort. It\rquote s easier to run, and fly over obstacles. Let me think - the club should be in that direction.\rdblquote  He loped off, leaping gaps between buildings, and intervening roads.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 They arrived about fifty meters left of the club, but its neon sign made it easy to see. George took them to the roof of the club building. \ldblquote Do you know which room he\rquote s in?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I think it\rquote s that one.\rdblquote  Larissa pointed.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Why don\rquote t you take a look? Don\rquote t make any noise, and don\rquote t call out to me - he\rquote s a vampire, he\rquote ll hear you. Stick your head through the windows if you like. I\rquote ll follow you.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Larissa found her attacker at the third window. She turned to signal George and found him to the right of the window. \ldblquote He\rquote s in there.\rdblquote  she whispered. \ldblquote He\rquote s having sex.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Good. He won\rquote t notice us.\rdblquote  George peered through the grimy window. \ldblquote He\rquote s on the bed, looks like he\rquote s kneeling. There must be a girl with him. Is there someone in the chair? Can you put you head through and then describe where people are?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Larissa made a face, but pushed her head through the glass. She pulled back about twenty seconds later. \ldblquote I think he\rquote s doing her in the bum. I don\rquote t think she\rquote s enjoying it, there\rquote s blood. He did that to me, and I couldn\rquote t move. It hurt.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote He enjoys causing pain, and his vampire powers can control people. Is there anyone else?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote What\rquote s with you guys, wanting to do it up the bum? I had two boyfriends who wanted to do that.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George looked at her, sighed. How to answer that? \ldblquote A lot of people think sex is dirty. Back when I was human, contraception didn\rquote t exist. And some fathers would kill a guy who deflowered their daughter. So young guys and girls get inventive, and she can still be a virgin on her wedding night. Some guys are latent homosexuals, and they do the same to their boyfriend. Some guys like to cause pain, and I guess, for the guy, it\rquote s tight and gives more sensation. Maybe you should ask him?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Sorry, we can discuss this later. There\rquote s a girl in the chair on the right. She\rquote s covered in blood. There\rquote s another one curled up naked on the floor, about halfway in. He\rquote s on the bed with the third girl.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Thanks. I\rquote ll open the window and go in that way.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 The window, however, had been screwed shut. \ldblquote All right, it\rquote s going to take time to open it. I\rquote m going to break it.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George\rquote s eyes bled to black, and he snarled, showing fangs. Some monstrous force hit the window, tearing it from its frame, and cast it against the right hand side of the room. George followed swiftly, landing beside the bed. His left hand grabbed Dougie\rquote s dreadlocks and pulled, while his right slashed a silver blade across Dougie\rquote s throat.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Dougie fell backwards off the bed to sprawl on the floor, bleeding profusely from his slashed throat. He flailed at George, but George was already in the air, dragging Dougie by his hair. George slashed again and severed the spinal cord, but leaving the head still attached to the neck. Dougie\rquote s body went limp.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Dougie, I told you if you misbehaved again I\rquote d kill you. You were at a house fire two days ago, where a friend of mine died. She\rquote s here now to watch you die.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George turned Dougie\rquote s head to where Larissa was floating. Dougie\rquote s face showed fear, and his eyes rolled.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Who are you working with? It will take you a while to repair you spinal cord. Tell me now, you have thirty seconds.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 The blood had already stopped flowing. Dougie was already beginning to heal. George inserted the knife blade between the two neck vertebrae. Dougie mouthed something.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote What\rquote s that? I can\rquote t hear you. Your spinal cord won\rquote t regrow with my blade in the way. Who are you working with? You\rquote ll have to think it.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote See you ... and your bitch ... in hell first.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Well, time\rquote s up, Dougie. The Black Prince wants to know.\rdblquote\lang2057  George called up more power, stealing some from Dougie.\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Hurts... \rdblquote  then Dougie's face went blank and his thoughts docile as George took control.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote You were quite content to hurt others. Who else helped you with the fires? Who gave the orders?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Fafnir Bloodaxe. He\rquote s the boss. Demolition Dan, Nick the Knife, Cowboy and the Shaman. And the Morrigan, she\rquote s a shapeshifter and witch. She will know I\rquote ve talked, she\rquote ll kill me slowly.\rdblquote  \lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote It\rquote s only what you deserve. Thanks for the information, Dougie, I\rquote ll make it easy for you.\rdblquote  George slashed once more and severed Dougie\rquote s head, allowing the body to fall to the floor. George experienced a shock as a portion of Dougie\rquote s stolen life force coursed into him.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Watch, Larissa.\rdblquote  George ordered. Larissa was already staring in horrified silence. The body and head turned to dust, which some dark wind blew away. In a few seconds there was nothing left to indicate Dougie had ever lived.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George dropped to the floor and checked the vital signs of the three young women. \ldblquote I think they\rquote ll live. Those two are definitely drugged; all three have injuries. As soon as I leave, the one on the bed will scream the roof down. What\rquote s wrong?\rdblquote  His eyes had returned to brown, his fangs had vanished.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Larissa was doing impressions of a beached fish, her mouth opening and shutting. George touched her. \ldblquote You can\rquote t really be in shock, you need a physical body. I have to go now, the girls will get help then. You can stay if you like.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Larissa shut her mouth. She appeared to be breathing heavily. \ldblquote How many people have you killed?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote When I was fighting the Ottoman Turks, hundreds. That was almost one hundred and ninety years ago. Since then I\rquote ve only killed rogue vampires, like him. They\rquote re hard to kill. If I hadn\rquote t removed his head, he\rquote d have healed quickly. He\rquote s a hunter, humans are his prey. He\rquote s been warned before.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Larissa looked sad. \ldblquote Let\rquote s go. I don\rquote t like violence.\rdblquote\lang2057  \par
George flew through the window, releasing his hold on the girl\rquote s mind.\lang3081  As he rose to the roof, the girl began screaming hysterically at the top of her lungs. He headed across the roofs, slower than when he came that way earlier, and not speaking. He had names now. If Larissa didn\rquote t want to help, he could still track them down, though more humans would die.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote George, stop, I want to talk.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 They\rquote d nearly reached he street where George intended to descend to the ground. He stopped and smiled innocently at Larissa.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote You had to kill him, didn\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Yes. Those three women would have died before he\rquote d finished with them. He\rquote s been warned before about killing humans. Last time the Black Prince told me to kill him next time. I told him that.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote That\rquote s the time you broke his arms?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Yes, but vampires heal quickly. Only silver prevents a wound from healing.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote What about a stake through the heart?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote That will kill new vampires. Someone like Dougie would just pull it out. The only reliable way is to cut off the head. Cutting out the heart can also work, but the vampire is still fighting while you\rquote re doing it. It\rquote s not practical.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote You made him tell you names. How did you do that?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Any vampire can control a human mind. A more powerful vampire can control a lesser vampire.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote You cut his throat, and then you cut his head off. I didn\rquote t expect you to do that. There was blood everywhere.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I needed to incapacitate him swiftly. A fight could last a while. Unless you knock out a vampire or sever his spinal cord, he\rquote s fighting. He\rquote d kill me if he got the chance.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Are all vampires like that? Fighting and killing?\rdblquote  \lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote A number of the vampires in London are Daywalkers, like me. They hold down jobs, they catch buses, they watch football and cricket, and they go to the pub. New vampires can\rquote t go out in the sun, but a lot of them have night jobs. The bartender at the pub could be a vampire. You\rquote d never know.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Most of us don\rquote t kill people, and we don\rquote t need to drink blood. I take energy from people, like I explained at the hospital. Very new vampires crave blood, and will kill humans, but the older vampires are supposed to keep an eye on them, and stop them. The Black Prince doesn\rquote t want vampires killing humans; if we draw attention to ourselves, humans will be out with pitch forks and torches. There aren\rquote t that many vampires - humans could just about wipe us out. Most of us want to live inside human society, not outside it. After all, we were all human once.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote So you obey human laws most of the time, except when it suits you to break them, like killing.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote We have our own laws, and a lot of them are much harsher than yours.\rdblquote  He cocked his head to one side. \ldblquote Think of medieval times, when many legal issues were settled by a fight, on the basis that God was on the side of the winner.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 They looked at each other silently. Both spoke together, then stopped. Larissa indicated George should continue. George said \ldblquote Vampire society is very feudal. We tend to live in families, where every vampire in the family has been created by the one in charge, the master. They are usually vampires over one hundred and fifty years old, though a few thousand year old vampires are not masters. Every vampire in the family owes allegiance to their master. The master\rquote s word is law, but the master has feudal obligations to his or her master, and so on up the hierarchy. Eventually we come to someone like the Black Prince, who is the master of masters, the head of all the vampires in Britain. The top level masters beneath him are like feudal barons, and he is like the king. They have decided that vampires should not kill humans, and we should not draw attention to ourselves. The punishment for those who disobey can be death. Many vampires are old, and set in their ways, and still behave like it\rquote s the fourteen hundreds.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Larissa smiled. \ldblquote I was going to say the word feudalism. I\rquote m not upset that Dougie died, I feel better that he is dead. And it was quick. It was a bit of a shock when you did it, but I\rquote m over that. What happened to his soul?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote We didn\rquote t see it, did we? There was just some dark shadow.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Yes, it was like a wind, and blew his ashes away.\rdblquote  Larissa stared at George with big eyes.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Now you know why vampires believe we are damned. Larissa, you look like you could use a hug, but I\rquote m not sure I can give you one.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I feel something when you touch me.  When I visit your dreams, you are as real as I am. I could use a hug.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George carefully hugged Larissa. There was a tingling sensation where they touched. \ldblquote You\rquote ll have to wait until I\rquote m asleep for a better one.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Thank you George. I was thinking about what you said earlier. If I was alive, and know what I know about you, I wouldn\rquote t date you. But now I\rquote m dead, a lot of things that I thought were important aren\rquote t any more. Now you\rquote re my best friend. I think I would have gone mad without you. I\rquote m sorry I was upset with you. I realise you\rquote re trying to make the world a better place.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Thank you for being so understanding, Larissa.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Larissa broke the hug. \ldblquote I will claim a better one later, when you\rquote re asleep. Now, did you want me to find another of them tonight?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George grinned mischievously. \ldblquote The night\rquote s still young.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote One of them had knives. I think I can find him.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Nick the Knife - he\rquote s Greek. I know him, but not where he lives.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Is he a friend of yours?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George snorted. \ldblquote The only thing we have in common is we both came from Greece. He was a two bit thug in Greece, and he\rquote s no better now. He\rquote s quick, he thinks he\rquote s smart, but all the bigger criminals laugh at him behind his back. If he couldn\rquote t use his vampire powers on humans, one of them would have killed him years ago. If you\rquote re up to it, I\rquote ll wait here.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Larissa smiled, blew him a kiss, and winked out.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\par
\par
\b Chapter - Silver Blades\lang2057\b0\par
\lang3081 It started to rain. George moved to another roof where there was shelter. \lang2057 He\rquote d burned energy getting to Dougie, but he\rquote d replaced that with Dougie\rquote s. Kill a vampire, you got as much energy as from ten or twenty humans. There was something to be said for preying on other vampires, though it was dangerous. \lang3081 He smiled to himself and settled into stillness, a dark statue, waiting in the darkness. It was something younger vampires couldn\rquote t do.\par
Larissa was gone a while. When she finally returned, she looked around as if she couldn\rquote t see him. George moved forward, still in darkness.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote There you are. What are you doing? I found him.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote That\rquote s great. I\rquote m sheltering from the rain.\rdblquote  He smiled at her look of surprise.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Oh, I didn\rquote t realise. He was playing cards with some other people. They must have been vampires, because they all saw me. So I put on my freshly dead look, and told him he was dead meat walking. He laughed and said all vampires were dead. So I told him I was going to haunt him until he was really dead, and crumbled to dust, and the devil came to take away his soul. He wasn\rquote t very happy. He tried to shoo me away, but he can\rquote t touch me. They tried to go on with their card game, but I read out his cards to everyone. Finally he left, and I chased him down the street.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Which street? That was good thinking.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Larissa told him, adding, \ldblquote I hope he\rquote s still there.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote It\rquote s nearby. But you can find him no matter where he goes. Let\rquote s go. You can scout him out and tell me where he is.\rdblquote  George set off across the roof, in the general direction Larissa defined.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 They found him within ten minutes, in a narrow laneway, under the shelter of the overhanging buildings, chatting to a pair of tartily dressed women. \ldblquote Likely his next meal.\rdblquote  George observed.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Are they prostitutes?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Perhaps. But he can control minds, so it could be any two women.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote How do you want to handle this? Do you want me to do anything?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Yes, distract him. Come in from his front, screaming like a banshee, and looking as scary as possible. I\rquote ll drop down from up here.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Larissa vanished. George drew both knives and stepped into space . Larissa appeared about ten meters from Nick, looking like a cross between zombie and banshee. Her hair stood on end, there was fire in her eyes, bloodstains on her clothing, and a mound of intestines looped over her left arm. She was screaming like a damned soul. George was impressed.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Nick threw two knives at Larissa, one where her heart should have been, the other where her throat would have been. George didn\rquote t trust the vampire to be discomforted if George landed on his back and knocked him over. Instead, his first contact, as he was still falling, was to plunge his knife into Nick\rquote s spine. He was aiming for the base of Nick\rquote s neck, but struck between the shoulder blades.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Nick\rquote s legs buckled, but he still managed to swing his arm round with superhuman speed and slam his third knife into George. George felt the shock, but took time to ensure his aim was correct, and plunged his other knife into Nick\rquote s neck. He new he had the right spot when the vampire\rquote s arms stopped moving. Pain hit him like a hammer, and he grunted.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Nick was chuckling, and mumbling something into the pavement. \ldblquote Hah!  Got you! Blade kills vampires. You die too!\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George had to remove the blade before he killed Nick. \ldblquote Fuck!\rdblquote  He used his left hand to pull out the knife, and blood spurted. The blade was blunt except for the triangular point. There was silver in the blade, which would ensure the would would not heal easily, but Nick\rquote s words implied there was something on the blade that was toxic to vampires. Well, he\rquote d learned a few things from Melody.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 There was a burning sensation spreading out from the wound, something that reminded him of spider bites, back when he was human. All right, do it now. He pulled the first blade from between Nick\rquote s shoulder blades, transferred it to his right hand, grabbed Nick\rquote s hair with his left, and with deft strokes of the razor sharp blade, severed Nick\rquote s head. He was ready for it, and when the rush came, he fed on it, absorbing as much of it as he could, spreading it through his body to counter whatever toxin was on Nick\rquote s blade, and healing his wound.\lang2057  A shiver passed through him.\par
\lang3081\ldblquote You\rquote re hurt!\rdblquote  Larissa exclaimed.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I was. I healed it.\rdblquote  He looked around. The two women were under his control, and would remember nothing. He picked up Nick\rquote s clothing, and knife. \ldblquote We need to find the two he threw at you. And dispose of his clothes.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Erm, yes. What about the women? And how did you heal yourself?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote They are under control. When I release them, they won\rquote t remember a thing. As for healing, vampires can heal their own wounds, given enough life force energy. This time I took his, while I cut his head off. That was a very nasty wound he gave me, it would have taken me days to heal it, maybe longer.\rdblquote  He looked Larissa directly in the eyes. \ldblquote Say it Larissa. Ask your question.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Could you have healed me, when you rescued me?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote No. I tried, I didn\rquote t have enough power. I would have had to kill a couple of humans by taking their life force, in order to save you. I\rquote m sorry Larissa.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Don\rquote t be. I had to know. You can\rquote t kill someone to save someone else\rquote s life.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote No. If Nick or one of the others had been there, and I\rquote d known they were responsible, I could have tried. But if more than one was there, they might have killed me. Anyway, let\rquote s find those knives, and get out of here.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\par
George stuffed individual items of clothing in different industrial garbage bins around the area. The knives and the knife belt he took home, and hid in the hidey hole in the attic floor. He knew he should dispose of them, but he wanted Melody to look at them first.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 He inspected the wallet. The driver\rquote s license and credit cards were of little use to him, as was the wallet itself. George broke into the boiler room of an old fashioned block of flats. \ldblquote This building is owned by a vampire, and the boiler also works as a gas fired incinerator. Sometimes it comes in handy.\rdblquote  He tossed the wallet and cards into the fire, and closed the door.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote What will you do with the money?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote There\rquote s just over two hundred pounds in cash. I\rquote ll put it in an envelope and drop it at the local charity. He can do some good for the first time in his life.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote He doesn\rquote t have a family, I mean a wife and children?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote No, a vampire family is a group of vampires, usually made by the head of the family. Vampires don\rquote t marry. I don\rquote t think we can have children, either, even with human women, but I\rquote m not certain.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Larissa made a wry face. \ldblquote Well, I never will, now. I\rquote m glad you\rquote re not going to steal his money.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I was brought up not to steal, being a vampire doesn\rquote t change that. I\rquote ve had enough excitement for one night. I\rquote d like to go home and sleep.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Larissa nodded. \ldblquote Will you still go after the others?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I intend to, but I want to take more care with the others. I\rquote d like to minimise the risk of being killed.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Do you mind if I come home with you? I\rquote m lonely and bored.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George smiled wolfishly. \ldblquote Aren\rquote t you supposed to say you like me, or find me attractive?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote And you\rquote re supposed to ask me home.\rdblquote  Larissa smiled back. \ldblquote Let\rquote s go, you need your beauty sleep.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\par
\par
\b Chapter - Demolition Derby\lang2057\b0\par
\lang3081 George awoke with not so vague memories of dreams with Larissa. It irked him that his dreams were no longer his, but there didn\rquote t seem to be much he could do about it. A lot of things about being a vampire irked him as well, but he couldn\rquote t do much about that either. So you adapted and learned to live with it, and when you lived a long time you realised that nothing lasts forever; everything changes, and everything has its price.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Good morning, Larissa, what did we get up to in my dreams last night?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote You really should try harder to remember, George.\rdblquote  She smiled from her non physical armchair. \ldblquote We got up to a lot last night.\rdblquote  She added archly.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Well, I remember you were sitting on my lap and we were kissing.\rdblquote  George grinned so it wouldn\rquote t sound like he was complaining.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Well, in your dreams you like me. A lot.\rdblquote  Larissa smiled suggestively. \ldblquote And we can touch. You feel like a living person. I feel like I\rquote m alive, I can do anything I could when I was alive. More actually.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Well, I look forward to what we get up to tonight.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Are you sure you\rquote ll remember it?\rdblquote  Larissa replied with a smile. \ldblquote You don\rquote t remember everything we did last night.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I like to think I would remember if we made love.\rdblquote  He arranged his face into a stern smile. \ldblquote Please don\rquote t tell me we did and I can\rquote t remember.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Maybe I should.\rdblquote  Larissa snorted. Then she sighed. \ldblquote I\rquote m not sure if I want to make love as you put it. I don\rquote t sleep with a guy on the first date, and I don\rquote t think we\rquote re dating, do you? I\rquote m still getting used to being dead. Besides, who would want to date a ghost?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Well, I don\rquote t think you can equate dreams with waking. If you were alive, I don\rquote t think either of us would take the time to get to know each other. And yes, I\rquote m alive, you\rquote re dead, so we aren\rquote t dating. But we are becoming friends. I think what happens in my dreams is different. You can\rquote t apply the same logic as in waking.\rdblquote  George shrugged. \ldblquote But I have trouble remembering my dreams, so who am I to comment?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Larissa looked thoughtful. \ldblquote When I wander into your dreams, it\rquote s as if both of us have physical bodies. Maybe we should make love, to see what happens. But not right away. Let\rquote s be friend first.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Well, you don\rquote t have to rush. We\rquote re being friends now. You can remind me of parts of dreams I forget. I seem to recall we visited the Cowboy and the Demolition man?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Yes, we found out where they were. The Cowboy was bragging to some other vampires about how many humans he\rquote d drained to death recently. The Demolition man helped him with many of those deaths. He bragged about three explosions he\rquote d set up that destroyed large buildings.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote It\rquote s coming back to me now. Do you still have doubts that they need to be killed?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote No. Gaols won\rquote t hold them, humans can\rquote t capture them. We discussed this in your dream. Vampires are outside the law, and only other vampires can punish them. Ones like them have no regard for human life.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George laughed blackly. \ldblquote Vampires are the hunters, humans are the prey. We will deal with them. I have to get up now, and I\rquote d like some privacy in the bathroom.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 He padded naked across to the chair where he\rquote d left a silk dressing gown. He\rquote d resolved to ignore Larissa\rquote s eyes.\par
\ldblquote Of course I\rquote ll give you privacy in the bathroom. Do you always sleep naked?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Yes, I don\rquote t feel the cold much. But I always put on a dressing gown before I leave my bedroom. If you\rquote re going to hang out in my bedroom, you\rquote ll just have to deal with that.\rdblquote  He tried not to sound plaintive or accusing.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote You\rquote ve a good body, George, I\rquote m enjoying the show.\rdblquote  Larissa laughed. \ldblquote I\rquote ll see you downstairs.\rdblquote  She exited through the closed door.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\par
When George came downstairs, he discovered Larissa was watching a news program on the television. \ldblquote I thought you can\rquote t hear it?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I can\rquote t, but they have headline subtitles. I managed to turn it on, and change the channels. I think there was something about Dougie last night. They put up his picture, and a phone number.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Missing, and suspected of injuring three young women.\rdblquote  he read the scrolling headline. \ldblquote We left his clothes and driver\rquote s license behind. We should always dispose of them.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I\rquote ll try to remind you of that.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I was wondering about something before. You\rquote re here in the physical world. How does it compare with when you were alive?\rdblquote  George started making his breakfast.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Here and now, I feel like I\rquote m awake, just like I\rquote m alive, except I can\rquote t touch anything. I thought about turning on the telly, and it switched on, I thought about changing channels, and it changed. I seem to breathe, I seem to have a heart that beats. But I can go through solid objects and walls and so on, and I can go anywhere by thinking about it. I can create food to eat that feels and tastes like food, I can create a chair to sit in. That\rquote s real to me, but not to you. I\rquote m starting to get used to this.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote How does being in my dream compare with when you were alive?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote When I\rquote m in your dream, I can touch everything.  It\rquote s like when I was alive. I can touch you, you can touch me, and it\rquote s like we\rquote re both physical. But I can still go anywhere by thinking about it, but you can too. And we can change what we see in the dream, make things appear. Maybe we can make them disappear. And if I stare hard at something, sometimes it changes, either into something else, or it seems to stretch out and flow. That\rquote s odd.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George started the blender. \ldblquote And how do you get into my dreams?\rdblquote\lang2057  He was confident that Larissa would hear him, not the blender.\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I get into your dreams by waiting until you are asleep, then thinking about you, and there I am, in your dream. I don\rquote t know how that works, but I\rquote m sure I told you that before. Being here is weird. I\rquote m starting to wonder where all the other dead people are. They must go somewhere, and maybe it\rquote s somewhere like your dreams.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Heaven, Hell, Limbo, the Realm of the Dead. You\rquote re only supposed to stick around here until you\rquote re buried. If you\rquote re still here when Melody and Fleur get back, you can ask Melody. She says we all go off to the Realm of the Dead for a few tens of years, then we\rquote re reborn in another body. I don\rquote t know. I was brought up to believe in Heaven and Hell, and the Last Judgment. Now I find I\rquote m on the wrong side. I don\rquote t know what I can do about that.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I don\rquote t really believe in Hell, or Heaven. Maybe that should be didn\rquote t. I never believed I\rquote d be around once I was dead. Now I\rquote m dead, and talking to you. I don\rquote t know what to think, but there has to be somewhere all the dead souls go. Otherwise there\rquote d be billions of them here.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I agree.\rdblquote  George said, shrugging.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\par
Before he left for work, he checked the window and door locks. He also plucked several hairs from his head, and placed them singly across some of the gaps where windows or doors would open.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote What are you doing?\rdblquote  Larissa asked.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote It\rquote s an old trick. If anyone opens the door or window, they\rquote ll break the hair.  I\rquote ll know someone has been inside.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Oh. Who? Why?\rdblquote  Larissa looked puzzled.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Dougie said the Morrigan would know he talked with me. It\rquote s possible someone will pay me a visit today, or tonight. If they break in while I\rquote m away, I want to know.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I can go inside and take a look for you.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Thanks. I\rquote ll get you to do that as well.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Larissa looked at him for a few moments, nodding. \ldblquote Are you taking any weapons?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Yes. Just in case. I think you should follow me to work. I might need a diversion, or an extra pair of eyes.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\par
George was talking with some of the patients in the oncology ward when Larissa called \ldblquote Three men, coming down the corridor. Not human.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Everyone in the ward went silent. He turned to face the door as three men walked through the door. The first was a heavily built African man, dressed in black leather, with a top hat. The second was a dapper, slim man with blond hair and a cream suit. The third looked a bit like James Dean, and was dressed in blue denim jeans and jacket.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Larissa had disappeared through the wall. \ldblquote Hello boys, what brings you here? I didn\rquote t think you had any relatives dying of cancer.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote We don\rquote t George.\rdblquote  the James Dean look alike drawled, \ldblquote unless it\rquote s you.\rdblquote  He headed straight for George, the other two flanking him.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Well Dan, we don\rquote t get cancer. Did you forget?\rdblquote  George moved away from the bed and its equipment. He steepled his fingers, a pose that brought both knives within reach, but allowed him make karate moves.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote\lquote Georgie Porgie, pudden and pie, kissed the boys and made them cry.\rquote\rdblquote  the African misquoted. \ldblquote A little bird told us you been a bad boy last night.\rdblquote  He chuckled throatily. \ldblquote A bad boy.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote So who are you?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Baron Samedi.\rdblquote  the African chuckled again. \ldblquote You\rquote ve heard of me?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Some sort of voodoo god. What happens when the real one hears you\rquote ve taken his name?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I am the real one, arsehole!\rdblquote  the African snarled. \ldblquote Maybe we should trash this place? Kill all the old fucks? Bring them into the land of the dead, the land of Baron Samedi? They\rquote ve one foot in the grave already.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Dan made a spreading movement with his hands, and the two others moved away, spreading out to box in George. \ldblquote Is this what you do, George? Drain all these one by one? Your own private larder here in the hospital?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George backed away, towards a blank area of wall. \ldblquote Trash the place and the Black Prince will lock you in his version of the iron maiden.\rdblquote  George replied with a wolfish smile.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote What\rquote s that?\rdblquote  Baron Samedi asked.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote It\rquote s a vampire proof coffin, lined with silver spikes six inches long. Then he impales you on a silver stake - there\rquote s a hole at the feet end of the coffin for it, and he buries you somewhere only he knows. You won\rquote t die, but you\rquote ll spend every second of eternity wishing you could. He already knows you\rquote re here.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I don\rquote t believe you, George.\rdblquote  Dan stated. \ldblquote Why do you have your hands like that?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote He probably has knives hidden in his sleeves.\rdblquote  the dapper one said. There was a slight American twang to his voice. He pulled a semi automatic pistol from inside his jacket, cocked it, and pointed it at George. \ldblquote This fires silver bullets. Reach for the sky.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George placed his hands on either side of his head, behind his ears. His right hand was inches from the hilt of the long knife/short sword in its spine sheath. \ldblquote And who are you? I like to know the names of whoever I kill.\rdblquote  He directed his powers at the gun. The same  power that allowed him to open or close locks should allow him to prevent the gun from firing.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Cocky Bastard. I\rquote m King Fisher. I killed over fifty men in gunfights before I became a vampire. I\rquote ve killed hundreds since.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Haven\rquote t we all, dearie?\rdblquote  George replied. \ldblquote That\rquote s what vampires do. Now, I have work to do, so I\rquote d appreciate if you boys would go outside and play.\rdblquote  He took a step towards King Fisher.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote We\rquote d rather play inside, George.\rdblquote  Dan countered. \ldblquote Who\rquote s going to stop us? You?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote We\rquote ll kill you first.\rdblquote  King Fisher added. \ldblquote Then we\rquote ll drain all the oldies.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote And then we\rquote ll trash the place.\rdblquote  Baron Samedi added.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Well, everyone has to die sometime.\rdblquote  George replied, philosophically. \ldblquote It\rquote s all just a question of when, and how.\rdblquote  I should have died a long time ago, but I didn\rquote t, there has to be a reason. Melody and Fleur both say I have a purpose. Part of that is stopping scum like these.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 His eyes bled to black. \ldblquote Today might be mine, or it might be yours.\rdblquote  They laughed at that. \ldblquote Larissa, I could use a diversion right now.\rdblquote  He thought to her, taking a step towards Dan. King Fisher swivelled to keep the gun pointed. Another step would bring either Dan or King Fisher within reach. It also meant that any shot the gunslinger managed to fire could hit Baron Samedi. King Fisher was not the legendary gunslinger from the American wild west. A cold blooded killer would have shot George already, and only a stupid gunman would point his weapon towards his companions. George played out scenarios in his head.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote That\rquote s far enough...\rdblquote  King Fisher began.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Enter Larissa, stage right, a gory ghost, screaming like a banshee.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote What the ...!\rdblquote  King Fisher exclaimed, turning to face Larissa. George moved, in an attack he had practised thousands of times.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 His right hand clutched the hilt of the short sword, drawing and slicing in one swift, smooth movement, at superhuman speed. At the same time he took a skipping step towards King Fisher. The sword blade connected with King Fisher\rquote s wrist, near the hilt, and the entire length of the blade sliced into the gunman\rquote s wrist as George moved, severing the gunman\rquote s hand.\par
George took a second skipping step, twisting as he did, and raising the sword to the vampire\rquote s neck. This time the short sword connected near the point; George extended his arm and sliced deeply into King Fisher\rquote s neck. Still turning, he drew back his arm, slicing through the vampire\rquote s spinal cord and nearly severing the head. The vampire\rquote s right arm and neck sprayed blood everywhere; his legs rubbered, and the body began to topple. Even a powerful master vampire would need minutes to recover from these injuries. King Fisher would need longer.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Dan was attempting to get past King Fisher, swinging a weapon that resembled a tyre iron. George was in the wrong position to use the short sword. Instead he continued to pivot, with his weight on his right foot, and delivered a horizontal back kick to Dan\rquote s right knee while the short sword contacted the tyre iron. The tyre iron would miss anyway, but his intention was to slide the sword into Dan\rquote s knuckles, severing two fingers. That\rquote s why swords and knives have guards, he thought. \lang2057\par
\lang3081 Baron Samedi was running for the door. If he\rquote d attacked at the same time, George could have been severely inconvenienced. The tyre iron flew over George\rquote s head, and smacked into the floor some distance away. Dan looked in pain, and a flash of fear passed over his face as he realised that George was still attacking, and his own right knee was no longer working. George\rquote s foot lashed out again, collecting Dan in the solar plexus, and then in the throat.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George spun upright as Dan tried to recover and back away. George skipped again, caroming into Dan, the short sword slashing his neck, and the silver knife in George\rquote s left hand thrusting into his heart. Dan collapsed, clutching his chest. Once he pulled the knife free, he would heal within minutes. George followed him down, hacking twice with the short sword to remove Dan\rquote s head. There was a rush of power of which George absorbed as much as possible.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Nearby, King Fisher was writhing as his spinal cord repaired itself. George leaped upon him and used the sword to completely remove the head with one stroke. This time the rush of power was like a stimulant drug. He felt as if he could push over buildings.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 Light headed and giddy, he stood, collecting clothing and weapons. He shook them free of the dust that was all that was left of the vampires, and the dust vanished as he did so. Around him, the patients were blissfully unaware of what had just happened. Larissa transformed back to her normal form, but hovered near him as he gathered things. \ldblquote They threatened to kill all the patients, and trash the place.\rdblquote  George remarked.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I know.\rdblquote  Larissa replied. \ldblquote I was hiding behind the curtain over there.\rdblquote  She looked at him for several long moments. \ldblquote Where did you learn to do that?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I have to go, and take all the evidence with me.\rdblquote  George returned to picking up. He disarmed the gun as he spoke, making sure there was no round in the chamber. \ldblquote I learned street fighting and knife fighting when I was a freedom fighter in Greece. When I lived in the Austro-Hungarian empire in the mid 1800s, I learned sword fighting. When I was in France, I studied French foot and fist boxing, savate it\rquote s called. It incorporates techniques similar to Thai style kickboxing and street fighting, and something called la Canne - using a walking stick, a discipline invented by Pierre Vigny. He moved to England in 1890, and I studied with him there. He was very famous at the time. I also studied shotokan karate, aikido and kendo - that\rquote s Japanese sword play, in England. I\rquote ve needed all of it to deal with recalcitrant vampires.\rdblquote  He found a second gun in King Fisher\rquote s clothing, and disarmed that. He put the guns in different pockets of his jacket, and the magazines in a third. \ldblquote That looks like everything. Let\rquote s go.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote The black man got away.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I know. We\rquote ll catch up with him tonight. I can\rquote t do much now.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George went to a storage room down the corridor and slipped inside. He pulled a large yellow plastic sack from a pile, and began filling it with the clothes, searching each item as he did so. Any money or weapon went into his pockets.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote That bag is rather obvious.\rdblquote  Larissa remarked. \ldblquote What will you do with it?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote It\rquote s a biohazard waste bag. They\rquote re taken for incineration. There\rquote s an area in the basement where they are stored for collection. I\rquote ll take it there.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George walked through corridors and down stairs. No one so much as glanced at him.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote They really don\rquote t see you,\rdblquote  Larissa remarked, \ldblquote but they move out of your way. They walk through me.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Vampire powers, but don\rquote t ask me how I do it. I don\rquote t want to be seen, and they can\rquote t see me.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 The doors to the storage area were locked, but they opened for George. He deposited his bag with the others, and walked out. The lock clicked behind him. Hands in pockets, George walked out into the street. \ldblquote I\rquote m not going home, they know who I am now, they\rquote ll stake out my house.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote What will you do?\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I\rquote m heading to a cheap hotel. I need to let Melody and Fleur know what\rquote s happened. I think we\rquote ve a few hours, but they\rquote ll try to kill me, and threatening my family will be on their list. Fleur has a mobile phone.\rdblquote  But she may not have it turned on. \lang2057\par
\lang3081\par
\par
\b Chapter - Voodoo Magic\lang2057\b0\par
\lang3081 George sat quietly in a chair in his hotel room. Larissa sat nearby in a ghostly chair, watching George. George\rquote s eyes had bled to black again; he was using his vampire powers in an attempt to contact Fleur. Nothing seemed to be happening.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\ldblquote George, this is Melody.\rdblquote  She was as clear as any phone. \ldblquote Tell me what is wrong.\rdblquote\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George outlined what had happened. That took a little while. He finished with \ldblquote Since they know where I live, I\rquote ve checked into a hotel.\rdblquote  \par
 \lang2057\ldblquote\lang3081 Stay where you are, George, I\rquote ll be there in about half an hour.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I heard her talking.\rdblquote  Larissa remarked.\par
\ldblquote Then you know she thinks I need help.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Do you? And can she help?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, I may be outnumbered. Now they know who I am, where I live and where I work, I\rquote m not safe. Melody has magic, real magic, and so does Fleur.\rdblquote  The black was fading from his eyes.\par
\ldblquote Tell me more about them. Is Melody your girlfriend?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, she\rquote s my daughter\rquote s best friend.\rdblquote  And mine, he thought. \ldblquote Why did you ask?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s just that you talk about her differently. And you told me she\rquote s around your age.\rdblquote\par
George smiled. \ldblquote She is older than me. She shape shifted to look like a thirteen year old girl, and attend school; she wanted to get her \lquote A\rquote  levels. She\rquote s Fleur\rquote s best friend, but she was also a lot like a mother to her. Long story.\rdblquote\par
\par
They were still talking about forty minutes later, when there was a rainbow shimmer and two young women walked out of it and into the room.  Both were clad in jeans, t-shirts, jackets and walking shoes. Both had milky pale skin, but one had jet black hair cut in a bob, and leaf green eyes; the other had shoulder length auburn hair and sky blue eyes.\par
\ldblquote Are you ghosts?\rdblquote  Larissa blurted out.\par
\ldblquote Hi George.\rdblquote  the auburn haired one said, rushing to hug him.\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote   the dark haired one replied to Larissa, \ldblquote we\rquote re elves. I\rquote m Melody, this is my friend Fleur. You must be Larissa.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Fleur\rquote s my daughter.\rdblquote  George turned to face Larissa.\par
\ldblquote Hi.\rdblquote  Larissa touched Melody, then Fleur, before announcing \ldblquote You\rquote re both alive. How did you do that, fly in here like ghosts?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Magic. Essentially the same way you do - focus on your destination, and go there.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I didn\rquote t realise you could go physically. George has told me a lot about you two.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Not too much I hope. I\rquote m sorry to hear that you were raped and murdered. How are you coping?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Better than I expected. George said I would eventually leave here for the realm of the dead? And I should speak to you about that.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You and I will have a long chat, but that needs to wait until we deal with the rest of your attackers. My sources tell me they are quite dangerous.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  George added, \ldblquote we need to discuss what we have to do tonight. I know of Fafnir Bloodaxe\rquote s reputation, he\rquote s rabidly dangerous. The Morrigan and the Shaman are supposed to have magical powers. They will be hunting me tonight. Though I didn\rquote t see any evidence of the shaman\rquote s power earlier.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The shaman needs time to prepare, I suspect. Fleur and I will deal with the sorcery.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Is Fleur old enough? She looks barely nineteen. I know you are older.\rdblquote\par
Melody smiled. \ldblquote In my culture that could be considered rude. Fleur is at least twenty two. At nine she had more innate power than I may ever develop. She has nothing to fear from vampires or were creatures; they have everything to fear from her. I have been training her since we met, teaching her to control and utilise her powers. We face dangerous vampires and sorcerers, she is more than equal to the task.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll look after George.\rdblquote  Fleur added. \ldblquote He doesn\rquote t like to admit it, but he\rquote s the least powerful of the three of us.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Kids. They always think they know more than their parents.\rdblquote  George smiled.\par
\ldblquote George told me how he found Fleur,  and how she became his daughter.\rdblquote  Larissa persisted. \ldblquote You met her in school, did you plan to meet her?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I planned only to get my \lquote O\rquote  levels. If I succeeded, I would try for my \lquote A\rquote  levels. Now we both have graduated from university, and we\rquote re having our gap year. Elves would say that the workings of power decreed that Fleur and I would be at the same school; you might call it an act of fate, or perhaps an act of god. I recognised her immediately as non human; I felt her power, she felt mine.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote She introduced herself,\rdblquote  Fleur added, \ldblquote and she told me to close my eyes and tell her what I could detect about her. That\rquote s when I felt her power, and I realised she was like me. We quickly became close friends, and she became friends with George as well.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote George may be a vampire, but he\rquote s also a good person.\rdblquote  Melody began. \ldblquote What the ...\rdblquote\par
Three spirits came through the wall, and the temperature dropped inside the room. The three looked like a drunken surrealist\rquote s notion of a sober gorilla. They were white and black, woolly, barrel chested, with four arms, stubby legs, and tusks like boars. One of them grabbed Larissa, the other two grabbed George.\par
\ldblquote Let go!\rdblquote  Larissa yelled, struggling.\par
George\rquote s eyes bled black and a dark energy passed from him to the spirits, who squealed like pigs, and fled, taking Larissa with them.  \par
\ldblquote What were they?\rdblquote  Fleur asked.\par
\ldblquote And what have they done with Larissa?\rdblquote  George added.\par
\ldblquote I am not entirely sure.\rdblquote  Melody replied. \ldblquote They\rquote ve taken Larissa, they wanted to do something with you. I\rquote d say your sorcerers have started their attack.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Is she in danger?\rdblquote  George asked.\par
\ldblquote Perhaps. They know she can find them for you. They found you, so I suspect they\rquote ve burgled our house to get something of yours the spirits can use to track you.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Then we should leave right now.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They can find you anywhere, George. It\rquote s a matter of choosing your battle ground. Larissa may be difficult to rescue; I\rquote ve never had to find and free a captured soul before.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But you know what to do?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I know someone who might. Let\rquote s concentrate on dealing with the ones who are hunting you first. Then we locate Larissa.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How do we deal with them?\rdblquote  Fleur asked.\par
\ldblquote Like Melody said - we choose our battleground and wait for them to come to us.\rdblquote  George replied.\par
\par
\par
\b Chapter - The Battle\par
\b0\ldblquote Tell me again why we are hiding in this cave?\rdblquote  George asked.\par
\ldblquote Because it has only one entrance, the wood it\rquote s in is near our house, it\rquote s secluded, so we can make noise without attracting attention, and we can always flee through shadow if we need.\rdblquote  Melody replied.\par
\ldblquote But the undergrowth could allow any number of attackers to sneak up on us.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Stop thinking like a human, George.\rdblquote  Melody sounded a little irritated. \ldblquote You can sense any living thing within a hundred meters. And you are the bait, Fleur and I will attack their flanks.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t like being bait.\rdblquote  George smiled wolfishly, showing fangs. He relaxed into absolute stillness, part of the landscape. \ldblquote I guess I have to wait. See me not.\rdblquote\par
George\rquote s vampire powers shouldn\rquote t affect her, but if she didn\rquote t concentrate, George seemed to blend into the background. \ldblquote George, we need them to be able to find you, otherwise you\rquote re not bait. Please come back.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote See me.\rdblquote  George was just there again. Melody turned to Fleur. \ldblquote Fleur, I think you should give George some power. He\rquote s taken too much vampire energy, he needs grounding. George, do remember what I taught you about taking energy from the earth, or a large body of water? You haven\rquote t been doing that while we were away.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Not since I became involved with Larissa. I feel full of energy. Anyway, it will be nightfall soon.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote All the more reason for balancing your energies.\rdblquote\par
George stood facing Fleur, his palms toward her. Fleur did the same. For those with sorcerous sight, Fleur became wrapped in multi coloured flame, which then travelled down her right arm and into George\rquote s left. It wrapped around him until he was enveloped. Finally, a black, tarry energy flowed down his right arm and into Fleur\rquote s left. She channelled it into the earth beneath her feet.\par
Melody stood watch near the cave entrance. The birds sang their evensong, and then darkness fell. The energies outside the cave changed in a way that Melody did not like. \ldblquote George, Fleur, come and feel the energies outside.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You're right, I feel better now.\rdblquote  George joined Melody at the front of the cave. He sniffed softly several times. \ldblquote I smell blood. There\rquote s two vampires hidden in the trees, along with two humans, and nineteen large animals in the undergrowth. I thought there\rquote d be more vampires.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Very good, George.\rdblquote  Melody replied. \ldblquote The animals are something we call palug, they\rquote re a type of were-cat, they look a bit like a sabre tooth tiger. You should be able to sense their energy."\par
\ldblquote Someone\rquote s building power.\rdblquote  Fleur remarked.\par
\ldblquote That could be the witch who calls herself the Morrigan. It will be some spell specifically designed for vampires. Fleur, you may need to keep an eye on George, and make sure whatever spell she does has no effect. I would like a closer look at what they\rquote re doing. You two stay here, I\rquote m going for a little walk through shadow.\rdblquote\par
Melody walked towards the back of the cave, vanishing in a rainbow shimmer after a few steps. \ldblquote I hope she knows what she\rquote s doing.\rdblquote  George remarked.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m sure she does. She can walk into a different shadow and see into this one. Only another shadow shifter could detect her.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\lquote m hoping that you guys will teach me one day.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Believe me, it\rquote s tricky. I can shift shadows, but going to a destination is still too difficult. You need to be able to go somewhere and return. I can\rquote t find a specific destination yet, and that may take years to master. When I can, I\rquote ll teach you.\rdblquote  Fleur smiled.\par
\ldblquote Thanks, sweetheart.\rdblquote  George was using his own senses. \ldblquote Someone\rquote s died. There\rquote s only one human now.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And the power level is going up dramatically. They could have been a human sacrifice.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Does that increase power? I can feel my skin tingling.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You should know, George, vampires live off human power. Hey, what\rquote s wrong?\rdblquote\par
The tingling had increased, and George found his body no longer obeyed him. He summoned his own powers, but they had little effect.\par
\ldblquote Georgie Porgie, we know you\rquote re in there.\rdblquote  Baron Samedi\rquote s voice came. \ldblquote Stop skulking in there. Come out, come out, we want to play.\rdblquote\par
George found his legs started shuffling him towards the cave entrance. The palugs began to creep forwards. Fleur looked at him in puzzlement for a few moments, then surged after him. Several palugs poised to spring at them.\par
Fleur\rquote s touch broke the spell, and not a moment too soon. George drew his pistol and fired point blank into the palugs as they sprang. One of them crashed into him, and he fell heavily, the wounded palug on top of him, clawing at him and trying to tear out his throat. From the noises, at least one had attacked Fleur, and the others would be on them in seconds.\par
Vampires are far stronger than humans, and he was able to keep the were-beast away from his throat. He smelled a barbecue smell of burning flesh, combined with the acrid stench of burning hair and charred bones. His left hand found the gunslinger\rquote s pistol in hid left pocket, loaded now, and he fired several times into the beast\rquote s head. It reared back, shaking its head, beginning to heal. That gave him the chance to throw it off him, and to summon his vampire powers.\par
Two more pounced immediately. By now George had his wits about him and his vampire powers were upon him. Everything around him was in slow motion, only he seemed at normal speed. There was time to put the gun in his jacket pocket with the safety on. His knives were in his hands. He skewered the two palugs through their hearts, rolled them with his mind, and something inside him reached out and drained their powers and their lives. He sprang to his feet, healed, full of power, and reaching for the other were-beasts with his mind. \par
His first attacker, fully healed, plus two others, swiped at him with their claws before he had their minds under control. They were now slow enough to avoid. He stabbed the first attacker and drained its life force. He could feel all of them, trembling in fear, but held to his will. He turned then to look for Fleur.\par
She was standing near, a grim look on her face. Both her hands were enveloped in basketball size bluish flames. Near her were the charred remains of two palugs. Concern crossed her face. \ldblquote How badly are you hurt, George?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m fine.\rdblquote  He smiled. \ldblquote I used their energies to heal myself.\rdblquote  He looked down at his blood-stained, ripped clothing. \ldblquote I could use a change of clothes. How are you?\rdblquote\par
Fleur smiled. \ldblquote They can\rquote t harm me. Melody taught me a shield spell, which I\rquote m using. And Fire stops them. I\rquote m a little sad they had to die, but they intended our deaths; it\rquote s no more than they deserve. How long can you hold them?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m not sure, but now they know I can take their life force, they all know they\rquote ll die first.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I can\rquote t believe how fast you were. You were just a blur.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hah! Vampire powers.\rdblquote  George began reloading his revolver, placing the spent shells in his jacket pocket. \ldblquote I need to have a knife stuck in them, guns don\rquote t work. But then I can drain their life force. I don\rquote t think they\rquote ll attack again if I release them, but I can hold all of them again. What happens now? Do we just wait?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I think we wait for Melody to return.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote This is not quite what I had in mind when I said pick our battleground. it\rquote s a stalemate, we can\rquote t go out, they can\rquote t get in.\rdblquote  He began picking up the used cartridges from the gunslinger\rquote s gun.\par
\ldblquote We can go out, George, at least with Melody\rquote s help. Just a moment, she\rquote s contacting me.\rdblquote\par
A voice outside began to yell \ldblquote Hey George, you stinking coward, stop hiding behind your slut\rquote s skirts. Come out and face your death like a man.\rdblquote  There was a slight Scandinavian accent, it had to be Fafnir.\par
\ldblquote George,\rdblquote  Fleur said softly, \ldblquote Mels wants to bring us through to where she is.\rdblquote  She spoke softly because all vampires have very sensitive hearing. \ldblquote Take my hand.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote All right.\rdblquote  George replied equally softly. Then he raised his voice. \ldblquote Fafnir, if you\rquote re so brave, stop hiding behind your palugs and come in here.\rdblquote\par
He turned and took Fleur\rquote s hand. The moment he did so, he saw a rainbow haloed image of Melody, with a backdrop of trees. She extended her hand to Fleur. Fleur took it, and stepped through the portal, pulling George with her.\par
Melody immediately touched George, and spoke to him mind to mind. \ldblquote Are you all right, George?\rdblquote\par
George assured her he was healed, adding \ldblquote My clothes aren\rquote t, though. What\rquote s up?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Now\rquote s the time to strike - they\rquote ve separated. The Viking has gone toward the cave, the so called Morrigan has gone looking for her palugs, and the baron is about to perform another human sacrifice to see if he can get enough power to compel you from your cave. I want you to deal with the baron, Fleur can go with you. I will deal with the witch.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Now that\rquote s more like it. Where\rquote s the baron?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, this is a different shadow, but it\rquote s a close analogue of ours. He\rquote s down that way, roughly where that large oak tree is. Both of you will need to be very quiet. Fleur, you know how to muffle sounds with magic?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes.\rdblquote  She replied brightly.\par
\ldblquote Can you see him in the other shadow? Can you take George there?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Uh, yes, he\rquote s where you said he was. I can take us there.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Good! Spells and weapons ready, then off you go. I need to stop the Morrigan.\rdblquote  She walked off briskly, vanishing in a rainbow coloured shimmer.\par
George turned to Fleur, drawing his short sword as he did. \ldblquote I will deal with the vampire, you should try to help the victim.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote All right George, but I will keep an eye on you as well. How close do you want to be before we shift in?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That depends. How loud will our entrance be?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s a vampire, he\rquote ll probably hear us breathing, but there is all the background noise of the woods. Another shadow shifter will feel us, but otherwise he shouldn\rquote t be alerted.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m not sure about walking up to him through the woods though.\rdblquote  George rose four feet into the air. \ldblquote You can still shift me if I\rquote m flying?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote As long as I touch you. Give me a moment, I\rquote ll cast a sound deadening spell over us. We\rquote ll have to talk mind to mind after that.\rdblquote\par
 \ldblquote We should anyway. He\rquote ll hear us without the spell.\rdblquote\par
When they were ready, Fleur shifted them in just five meters behind Baron Samedi. The layout of the trees around was very similar to the shadow they\rquote d left, except a large oak on the left had a naked man nailed to it. He\rquote d been disembowelled and his throat slashed, and was presumably very dead.\par
The baron was chanting as he hammered a large nail through the forearm of a naked female. She had already been tightly chained to a large oak on the right, though she struggled as best she could. She spat in his face, and gasped out \ldblquote My death won\rquote t give you power. You\rquote ll get my death curse.\rdblquote  She glanced over his shoulder, and laughed harshly. \ldblquote Death has come for you. It\rquote s here.\rdblquote\par
The baron spun rapidly, spying George gliding towards him, long knife preparing to strike. The baron hurled the hammer accurately at George\rquote s head, and drew a machete from his belt. George dodged, giving the baron time to slash the woman across the throat. He grasped a stick or cudgel leaning against the tree and struck at George in a two handed attack.\par
Baron Samedi was as fast as George, and had the advantage of two weapons. George was spending all his energy on parrying both of them.\par
Fleur went to the woman, studying her. \ldblquote You\rquote re not human, you\rquote ll heal.\rdblquote  The woman watched with pain filled eyes as Fleur touched one of the nails. It shimmered with rainbow colours and vanished. She did the same with the other nail.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll do the chains at you feet first, then you hands. You will fall unless I hold you. Think your answer, do you want me to lower you, or let you fall?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Lower me. Then stand back. Must shape shift.\rdblquote\par
Fleur released the woman\rquote s feet, then wrapped an arm about the woman. Blood began to soak her t-shirt. Fleur touched the chains about the woman\rquote s arms, and within a few seconds they vanished.\par
Fleur staggered back as the woman sagged against her, then carefully lowered her to the ground, setting her on her feet. Fleur danced back, while the woman wavered. There came a prickling sensation as the woman summoned her power, then her form shimmered and a palug stood there, head hanging, feet spread as if she were exhausted.\par
The palug\rquote s head lifted as she looked around, and then she darted for the woods.\par
\ldblquote Hey! Come back!\rdblquote  Fleur ordered. The palug slunk back slowly, sheepishly. \ldblquote Thank you. You\rquote re healed, I want to talk with you. I mean you no harm.\rdblquote\par
Fleur turned to look at George and the baron, circling on the treacherous footing of the glade. The baron was still attacking furiously while George parried or dodged coolly. There was no sound.\par
\ldblquote You do not help your friend.\rdblquote  The palug thought to Fleur.\par
\ldblquote He hasn\rquote t asked.\rdblquote  Fleur replied. \ldblquote Besides, he doesn\rquote t need it, he\rquote s winning.\rdblquote\par
Baron Samedi\rquote s attack was slowing as he tired; George was still moving as swiftly. A few moments later, George\rquote s parry hit the baron\rquote s left hand, severing several fingers; the cane flew away. The baron was on the defensive now, parrying furiously. The fingers would regrow, but he was tiring, and had only one weapon.\par
Several times George struck the baron\rquote s face or hand, drawing blood. Then he performed a back handed parry with the back of his blade, thrusting forward after striking the baron\rquote s machete, and slicing deeply into his throat. His return struck the baron\rquote s right hand near the base of the thumb, severing that and disarming the vampire. \par
The baron tried to flee, but George smote him in the back of the neck, and he fell unmoving. George took out a silver bladed knife and thrust that between the vertebrae of the baron\rquote s neck. \ldblquote That will keep him still. Fleur, can you drop him in another shadow, I want to question him later.\rdblquote\par
 She walked towards him. \ldblquote Are you all right? There\rquote s blood all over you.\rdblquote  George sounded panicked.\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s from the woman he was cutting up. She\rquote s now the palug, and she\rquote s healed. I promised her we wouldn\rquote t hurt her.\rdblquote  Fleur bent over Baron Samedi, touching him. She was quiet for perhaps twenty seconds, then the baron became sheathed in rainbow hues, and vanished. \ldblquote I\rquote ve dropped the silence spell.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Thank you for saving me.\rdblquote  That was the palug. \ldblquote If you do not let me go soon, my mistress will summon me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Who is your mistress?\rdblquote  George asked.\par
\ldblquote She calls herself the Morrigan.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What is she? Witch? Vampire?\rdblquote  George continued.\par
\ldblquote Witch, shapeshifter, immortal.\rdblquote  the palug replied with pride. \ldblquote Her name means Queen of Terror.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Mor Rhiganu.\rdblquote  Fleur replied. \ldblquote I wonder what the real one thinks about this impostor?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote She is the real one! And she\rquote s on her way here. Oh, did they hear that?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hah! That\rquote s the problem with speaking mind to mind.\rdblquote   George replied. \ldblquote We\rquote d better prepare.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I can\rquote t reach Melody. I hope she\rquote s all right.\rdblquote  Fleur announced.\par
\ldblquote Then my mistress has killed her.\rdblquote  the palug replied. \par
\ldblquote No, if she were dead her spirit would come here. She could be unconscious, injured, or both.\rdblquote\par
George suppressed a pang of worry. \ldblquote There\rquote s not much we can do for her right now.\rdblquote  He was examining the baron\rquote s machete and cane. \ldblquote This blade has silver in it, I\rquote ll keep it. The cane would make a good fighting cane, but it\rquote s been damaged, and there\rquote s some sort of magic on it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Let me see.\rdblquote  Fleur held her hands over it. \ldblquote Did you touch it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, I felt the magic. Why?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote There\rquote s a curse to bring harm to whoever touches it. Swift death for a human.\rdblquote\par
A golden glow was approaching through the trees. \ldblquote The Queen of Terror approaches.\rdblquote  the palug announced.\par
\ldblquote What are you going to do?\rdblquote  George asked the palug. \ldblquote Will you leave, attack us, stay here, or follow us?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote My mistress commands me to stay with you.\rdblquote\par
Fleur laughed. \ldblquote She\rquote s making a virtue out of necessity. I\rquote m holding you here, you can\rquote t leave and you can\rquote t attack. You will stay with us, and you will tell us if your mistress commands you to do anything. George, if the witch could beat Melody, I need to protect you.\rdblquote  \par
His daughter touched him with both hands. Small bluish flames flickered into existence, and danced from her hands to his body. They tingled, but they didn\rquote t seem to hurt. \ldblquote What\rquote s this for?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m marking you as mine, my power will protect you. Let\rquote s see if I can set up a shield for you as well.\rdblquote\par
George felt something tightening across his chest, and there was a slight scintillation in the air around him. \ldblquote What are you doing?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Fire will protect you, as it does me. Nothing can strike you. I really hope Mels is all right.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So do I. But we can help her best by beating this witch. Then we can look for her, and rescue her if need be. What do you think that glow is?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It is my mistress\rquote  power.\rdblquote  the plug replied. \ldblquote Her skin glows with her power, she walks the sky. She leads the Wild Hunt, the Slaugh. They can follow you anywhere, and hunt you down. You are both dead.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hah! Some people say as a vampire I\rquote m a dead man walking. Fleur, I may die tonight, you know you are the best thing that\rquote s happened to me.\rdblquote\par
Fleur hugged him. \ldblquote And you\rquote re the best thing that happened to me. You and Mels. But you won\rquote t die if I can help it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Melody is the second best thing that\rquote s happened to me. I\rquote ll tell her when I see her. Let\rquote s get ready.\rdblquote\par
His own short sword went back into its spine sheath, he held the baron\rquote s machete in his left hand and his pistol in his right. He tried drawing power from the earth beneath his feet, as Melody had taught him, and was pleased that a small stream of power flowed continuously into him. He was worried about Melody, but he put that to one side - the best help he could give was to defeat Fafnir and the Morrigan.\par
Fleur didn\rquote t appear to be doing any preparation, but she seemed calm, at peace. The palug stood near, watching.\par
\par
\par
\b Chapter - The Viking and the Witch\par
\b0 There was a second golden glow close to the first, and a rustling in the undergrowth. Fleur rose into the air, George copied her. A moment later both glows emerged into the glade, followed by at least thirty palugs.\par
To George\rquote s right was an extraordinarily beautiful woman. She had coppery hair down to her waist, hair that glowed with its inner light; her skin was milk pale, seemingly made from mother of pearl, her eyes glowed emerald green, surrounded by sky blue, surrounded again by glowing gold. She was clad in black leather - knee high boots, slacks, jerkin, with a necklace of coloured gems. Everything about her glowed with light, and she hovered two meters above the ground.\par
In front of George had to be Fafnir Bloodaxe. His hair and beard were like spun gold, braided Viking fashion; he was dressed in motorcycle style leathers, coloured black with splashes of blood red. There was a broadsword at his waist, and in his right hand he carried a heavy, double bladed, long handled battle axe. He also glowed with light, and hovered about two meters above the ground.\par
The palug lay down on the ground, her head between her paws, as if offering obedience to her mistress. The Morrigan poured rivers of power from her hands on George and Fleur, but though the power sparkled around them, it didn\rquote t harm them. Fafnir waved a hand and she stopped.\par
\ldblquote Who are you?\rdblquote  George called into the silence. \ldblquote I like to know the names of those I kill.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They\rquote re wearing glamour, George.\rdblquote  Fleur commented.\par
Something rearranged itself in George's brain, and he could see behind the illusion. The Viking was no longer young and beautiful, but middle aged, tired, and greying. The woman was smaller, with ginger orange hair like a domestic cat, and a face reminiscent of one of the palugs.\par
The woman\rquote s face contorted, and she screamed \ldblquote I am the Morrigan, the Queen of Terror. Abase yourselves before me. I lead the Slaugh, the Wild Hunt.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The Mor Rhiganu does not lead the Wild Hunt, nor the Slaugh. They are different things.\rdblquote  Fleur supplied. \ldblquote Who are you really, and what do you lead?\rdblquote\par
The Morrigan conjured a glowing ball and hurled it at Fleur. It hit Fleur\rquote s shield spell, sparkled, and vanished.\par
\ldblquote There are many bands of fey that call themselves the wild hunt.\rdblquote  The Viking answered. \ldblquote She is Naimh, one of the Daoine Sidhe. Her title is Queen of Terror.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They should be shitting themselves with terror.\rdblquote  Naimh commented. \ldblquote The magic seems not to affect them. What are you, young girl? You seem human, but you must be fey of some kind.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote If you mean Daoine Sidhe in the sense of Tuatha de Danann, neither of you are they.\rdblquote  Fleur replied. \ldblquote Neither am I. You must have spent time at the Unseelie court. I have visited there, and other courts of the fey. I am Fleur, just that. George is my father. Who are you Viking, and what do you want?\rdblquote\par
I wouldn\rquote t have volunteered that piece of information, George thought. Fleur is still young; now they know that. But they won\rquote t suspect she has more power than Melody.\par
\ldblquote Then the dark haired fey is ...\rdblquote  Naimh said.\par
\ldblquote My mother. What have you done with her?\rdblquote  Fleur snapped.\par
The Viking chortled. \ldblquote Oh, George, who would have thought? Well girlie, your mother is alive and well enough. She is our hostage to ensure both of you behave yourselves. I am Fafnir Bloodaxe, formerly a Viking, now master vampire, and werewolf. I have been welcome at the Unseelie court for many years.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ve been burning down flats and houses, and leaving the living to burn to death in the fires.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So? George, you\rquote re a cold blooded killer, like me, and dangerous, since you\rquote ve killed most of my gang. I will blood oath you to me, and then you and your girlfriend and daughter can live happily ever after.\rdblquote  Fafnir grinned, showing his fangs. \par
\ldblquote What\rquote s in it for me?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, you\rquote ll be my loyal vampire. I\rquote ll be honest George. If I was still a Viking, and I was picking a crew for my longship, you\rquote d be high on that list. You\rquote re fearless, good in a fight, smart, and a cold blooded killer. You\rquote ll also benefit from my werewolf blood, you\rquote ll be more powerful, harder to kill, than you are now.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Did you blood oathed your gang like that? They were easy to kill. That\rquote s no advantage, it\rquote s a hindrance.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote None of them were were-animals. I don\rquote t think any of them were smart enough to keep that to themselves, except maybe Baron Samedi. But you are. That\rquote s our offer, George. You\rquote ll be my right hand man, and welcome at the Unseelie court, welcomed by the fey.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He is already welcome at the Unseelie court.\rdblquote  Fleur put in. \par
\ldblquote Quiet child.\rdblquote  Naimh ordered.\par
\ldblquote And how will the Black Prince take me being blood oathed to you? He\rquote ll know as soon as you do it. Then what?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I intend to blood oath a hoard of the Slaugh, they\rquote ll be my army, my crew. The Black Prince won\rquote t stand a chance. I\rquote ll become the master of Britain. You\rquote ll become my right hand man.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hmm. You see, being blood oathed to you will mean I have to follow your orders. What if I refuse?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ah, George, then I\rquote d have to kill you.\rdblquote  Fafnir\rquote s eyes lit up with pleasure. \ldblquote And your girlies. They may be fey, but the whole Slaugh will rape them and then eat them - alive.\rdblquote\par
George made a swift decision. He fired his revolver at Fafnir, three shots to the chest, three to the head. He could see the holes the bullets made, and then they vanished. He put the empty gun back into its holster, drew his short sword from its spine sheath.\par
Fafnir laughed, not a pleasant sound. \ldblquote Well, you\rquote ve shot your bolt! I guess that\rquote s your answer. Now you\rquote ll have the death of your daughter and girlfriend on your conscience. Naimh, take the girl alive, if you can, we\rquote ll torture her later.\rdblquote\par
The ex Viking attacked immediately. He fought dirty, using every underhand trick he knew, including feet, knees, elbows. George fought back using every trick and skill he knew. Several times one of his blades connected with Fafnir\rquote s flesh, but they were as effective as cutting water - the flesh flowed back as soon as the blade passed. Several times Fafnir managed to knock George across the glade, but never causing any injury. It was only on the fourth time that George realised that what ever shielding Fleur had set up for him was protecting him, enfolding him inside a cocoon. It began to look as if they would fight until one ran out of stamina. George could still feel the trickle of power coming from the earth, but was it enough? He began to ponder how to remove Fafnir\rquote s head completely, and send it spinning across the glade. Even that might not work.\par
Fleur seemed to be holding her own against Naimh, but she was fighting defensively. She hadn\rquote t yet developed the killer instinct, but then again, it had taken George a while to learn you couldn\rquote t win a defensive fight. You waited until your opponent lost, and you needed skill and stamina to bide your time. She needed some sort of push.\par
 The sixth time Fafnir sent George across the clearing, Fafnir leaped after him, timing his landing to drop feet first onto George\rquote s chest, his axe swinging to chop off George\rquote s head. It didn\rquote t go as planned, the shielding stopped Fafnir and he fell heavily beside George. He grappled George as George was getting to his feet, and the shield let him.\par
George tried cutting off Fafnir\rquote s hands and head, but the blades passed through without any effect. Fafnir toppled George and began slamming him into the ground. The shield protected him from that, but if he couldn\rquote t loose Fafnir\rquote s grip, it wouldn't take the Viking long to try gouging George\rquote s eyes and snapping his neck.\par
\ldblquote Fleur!\rdblquote  He yelled.\par
Fleur was enveloped in flickering blue flames. A basket ball size globe of fire detached itself and struck Fafnir. The Vampire released George and tried to scrape the fire off, with no effect. Then he shape shifted to a huge, brindled wolf. The fire vanished, the wolf appeared unharmed. It turned on George, trying to tear out his throat.\par
George rammed the machete into the gaping maw, and used his own blade to attempt to slice through the wolf\rquote s spine. Neither seemed to do any damage. In wolf form, Fafnir could no longer grapple George, and George used his strength to throw the wolf partway across the clearing. He\rquote d lost both his weapons, stuck in the werewolf, he grabbed Fafnir\rquote s axe and leaped after him.\par
Fafnir transformed into human form and used his hands to pull the knives free, just as George arrived, swinging the heavy axe from around his knees in a two handed uppercut, like a cricketer trying to hit a six. He expected Fafnir to slash slowly enough to pass through his shield, since grappling had worked, but Fafnir moved to block the axe strike with both long knives crossed for strength.\par
George managed to keep his hands away from the blades, and moving at vampire speed, used the long haft of the axe to pivot around the blocking X of the long knives. The heavy head smashed into Fafnir\rquote s hip with bone crunching force. Fafnir grunted in pain, while George swung the axe head back and the end of the haft into Fafnir\rquote s elbow, then the axe head forward into Fafnir's right arm, severing it and smashing into his ribs, then the haft into Fafnir\rquote s knee, then the axe head into Fafnir\rquote s shoulder, sinking deeply. The fourth blow with the axe head bit deeply into Fafnir\rquote s neck, nearly severing his head.\par
It was only as blood spurted and Fafnir started to topple that George realised he had done damage that wasn\rquote t healing. In his hyper state, he had attacked so swiftly that Fafnir\rquote s severed arm was still falling to the ground, and the other long knife was just slipping through his fingers.\par
\ldblquote Where\rquote s Melody? What have you done with her?\rdblquote\par
Fafnir\rquote s lips drew back into a snarl, but no sound came out. Instead, he spoke mind to mind. \ldblquote Alfheim. Naimh has relatives. Who can counter her magic. Uh.\rdblquote  The last was as he hit the ground with a solid thump.\par
Naimh shrieked, started towards Fafnir. Fleur, deciding that George was in mortal danger, hurled two fireballs at Naimh, enveloping her with fire.\par
George turned Fafnir\rquote s head so the eyes were facing him.  \ldblquote Why did I injure you this time, and not before? What\rquote s changed?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Good Fight.\rdblquote  Fafnir smiled. \ldblquote Always hoped I\rquote d die in battle. My axe is the only weapon that can hurt me. Magic. I\rquote ve lived too long. Maybe I\rquote ll still go to Valhalla. Give Naimh a swift death, if you can. Rescue your girlfriend. Where is Naimh?\rdblquote\par
George held Fafnir\rquote s head so he could see her, staggering towards them. She fell to her knees beside Fafnir, staring at him. Her power held the flames at bay for a few seconds, and then she was engulfed, burned brightly, and faded to ash. A bright point, like a burning ember, remained, floating in the air.\par
\ldblquote It's time.\rdblquote  Fafnir managed. Then his entire body crumbled to dust, and a dark wind blew the dust away. The bright point dived into the dark wind, and disappeared along with the dust. The surrounding palugs set up a weird keening cry.\par
George stood up just in time for Fleur to hurtle into his arms, and hug him fiercely.\par
\par
\par
\b Chapter - The Search for Larissa\par
\b0\ldblquote Fleur! George! Can either of you hear me?\rdblquote  It was faint, like a whisper in the wind. George could believe he was imagining it.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s Mels.\rdblquote  Fleur said aloud. \ldblquote Where are you? Are you all right?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Not sure. Inside one of the Unseelie sithen, bound and gagged and blindfolded. They\rquote re using sorcery to hold me. There was some spell confusing me, but it\rquote s gone now. Please come and rescue me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We\rquote re on it.\rdblquote  George replied. \ldblquote We\rquote ll be there soon. Fleur, can you get a fix on her?\rdblquote\par
Fleur was quiet for nearly a minute. \ldblquote Not well enough to walk to you. What do I do?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Get help.\rdblquote  Was Melody\rquote s reply. \ldblquote You know some of my friends and relatives. Or a spirit that knows me. The sorcery won\rquote t affect them.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Larissa\rquote s been captured. Could she find you?\rdblquote  George asked, realising as he spoke that Melody had been there when the spirits took Larissa.\par
\ldblquote I think so. But no one will be able to shadow walk to where I am, this place is protected by sorcery. You need reinforcements, you need to get to the shadow I\rquote m in, and then rescue me. It\rquote s one of the Fey shadows, that won\rquote t be easy either.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Let me get this straight. You\rquote re trapped on one of the Faerie shadows.\rdblquote  George stated. \ldblquote A shadow walker can\rquote t get a fix on you, so they can\rquote t walk to where you are. We can\rquote t even find your shadow without having a fix on you. But we have to find it and travel there. Then we have to find the Faerie castle you\rquote re imprisoned in, break in, and rescue you. All without getting you killed, or us. And we have to get away with it. All right, we\rquote re on it. Fleur knows some of your relatives and friends, and they might help us. Don\rquote t panic, we\rquote ll find a way. See you soon.\rdblquote\par
Fleur looked at him. \ldblquote I don\rquote t know if I can find her friends, they could be days away. Only someone who\rquote s been to the shadow she\rquote s in can get a fix on something in that shadow, and bring us there. I don\rquote t know how to do this, George.\rdblquote\par
George gave her another hug. Inwardly he felt lost, almost panicky, but he couldn\rquote t let Fleur know that. Melody had given them an inkling of a plan, a glimpse of hope. \ldblquote Let\rquote s start by gathering our wits, and listing the people who can help. Then we try to contact them, and take it from there.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Your friend is imprisoned somewhere? Our mistress imprisoned her? We might be able to help.\rdblquote  George looked around, taking stock. The palugs were still there. He wasn\rquote t sure which one of the palugs that was.\par
\ldblquote You can\rquote t help humans!\rdblquote  another of the palugs protested.\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s disloyalty!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They\rquote re our mistress\rquote  enemies.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They saved me from being sacrificed by Baron Samedi. They killed the mistress in a fair fight! And neither are human.\rdblquote  \par
There was some argument between them, but one stood up on hind legs, and seconds later morphed into a naked human male. His face was catlike, he had ginger striped hair on his head, chest and privates. \ldblquote All of you be quiet. We saw these two fight Fafnir and our Mistress. The Fey girl defeated Lady Naimh in single combat. You all know what that means.\rdblquote\par
The one they had rescued morphed into human form. She was naked, but with ginger striped hair on her head and her privates. She stood proudly. \ldblquote The Fey girl is our new mistress, by right of single combat.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Correct.\rdblquote  The male said. \ldblquote Which means we do as our new mistress wishes.\rdblquote  He turned towards Fleur, spreading his hands and bowing his head. \ldblquote I am Donall mac Ruadh,  the chief of this tribe of palugs. This is my wife Siobhan, whom you saved. By right of battle, you are now our mistress. May I ask you who you are?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, I am Fleur. This is my father George. How can you help us?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Sean, take two others and fetch our clothes.\rdblquote  Donall called out. \ldblquote The other Fey lady was taken to Lady Naimh\rquote s abode. It is in the Fey realm, but we can go there. We can lead you to her fortress. We would like to dress first, though.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Of course.\rdblquote  \par
George reflected that Fafnir had managed to retain his clothes when he returned to human form. He should ask Melody about that later. \ldblquote Can you get us into the fortress? Can you help us find her?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No to both, sorry.\rdblquote  Siobhan replied. \ldblquote She never allowed us inside.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote All right, thanks. Getting us to her castle is good enough.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It isn\rquote t a castle, it\rquote s an underground fortress built into a mound. It\rquote s protected by magic, she has guards and retainers.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Thank you, Siobhan, you make it sound daunting. Fleur, we need to find Larissa, which means we need to get the baron back from wherever  you sent him.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Erm, it\rquote s easier if we walk there.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Are you all right to find your way back here?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote If Siobhan stays here I can focus on her.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I will stay here and wait for you, mistress.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Thank you.\rdblquote  George smiled. \ldblquote Let\rquote s go.\rdblquote\par
Fleur took his hand and led him forward. \par
Everything shimmered through rainbow hues, and he walked onto orange red sand. The sky was pink, with fluffy yellow clouds, and a blood red sun that put out little heat. There was a rocky overhang to their right, and Baron Samedi was lying in the shade face down in the sand, the hilt of the knife still protruding from the back of his neck. It couldn\rquote t have been comfortable.\par
George walked into the baron\rquote s line of sight. \ldblquote Well Baron, fancy seeing you here. How are you feeling?\rdblquote  he asked cheerfully.\par
The baron glared at him as best he could. \ldblquote I\rquote ve been better.\rdblquote  he thought in reply. \ldblquote Did you come back to gloat?\rdblquote  \par
\ldblquote Nah. Waste of time, really. You know Fafnir and the Morrigan are dead?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I felt it. I guess I\rquote m powerful enough that I didn\rquote t go when Fafnir did. You came back, you want something.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Maybe. Don\rquote t get your hopes up. You see, I have three choices. I could cut off your head with the Viking\rquote s axe. Or I could just walk away, and leave you here like this. You won\rquote t die, unless something eats you. But you won\rquote t really be alive either. I\rquote ve seen vampires, unable to feed, locked up, they fade to a skeleton, and they go mad.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve seen some too.  It\rquote s a mercy to kill them. What\rquote s the third choice?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, I could let you convince me to remove the knife. You\rquote ll heal rapidly enough. But if Fleur and I leave before you\rquote re up and about, you\rquote re trapped here anyway, with nothing to eat as far as I know. But you would be able to move about, who knows what you\rquote ll find.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Or you could wait around till I heal, and take me with you.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Now why would you think I\rquote d do that?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Because you want something from me. You kept me alive so you could question me. You want me to bargain with you, and you\rquote ll offer to take me home, and let me heal.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t hear you bargaining.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote George, I don\rquote t know what you want.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, talk to me, answer me truthfully, and we\rquote ll see if we can work something out. If we can\rquote t, I\rquote ll just walk away.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote George, I\rquote ll offer you anything reasonable, anything that\rquote s within my power, if you\rquote ll remove the knife and take me back.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, let\rquote s see. You were trying to sacrifice someone who was a were-cat of some sort. Why?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Voodoo magic, it is power over the dead, vampires, and the spirits. It needs sacrifice of life force. It needs a living being. Just like we do. Were-animals are powerful, they have magic, sacrificing one would give me power to control you. You wouldn\rquote t need to be blood oathed, but you would behave like a human before a master vampire.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How long would it last?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Weeks, though it would fade over that time. I might have to renew it every week.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I see. Now, there was another young lady with us, Fafnir and the Morrigan captured her. He said they\rquote d taken her to the Morrigan\rquote s people. Do you know where that is?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ah, he didn\rquote t tell you. Well, I\rquote ve been there, I know the rough layout of the place. It\rquote s somewhere in the Faerie realm, but only the Morrigan could take us there, or let us out.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Good of you to be truthful.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote If I said I could take you there, you\rquote d know it was a lie. If you couldn\rquote t tell, you\rquote d find out soon enough I couldn\rquote t get you there, and you\rquote d kill me for lying.\rdblquote\par
George nodded. \ldblquote If we can get to the Faerie realm, will you be willing to help us find her?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, though the Faerie realm is a scary place. It\rquote s better than being here. The others are dead, I\rquote m free. They have no hold on me now. If you set me free, I\rquote ll help you as best I can.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote All right. We\rquote ll come back to that. Earlier this evening, some spirits appeared, and kidnapped a ghost that was with us. What are they, and where did they take her.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They are some kind of spirit, I can command them. They told me she was spying for you, and I saw her myself. I\rquote m not sure where they took her. I just told them to keep her prisoner.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Can you get her back? Can those spirits do anything to help us?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I think they could spy out the Morrigan\rquote s place for your friend. They can\rquote t do anything physical. I\rquote d have had them remove your knife if they could.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That makes sense. Call them here, and tell them to bring the ghost here, and let her go. That will be your gesture for me to remove the knife. And of course, Fleur will kill you if you misbehave.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Will you take me with you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote If those spirits bring the ghost back, and release her, then we\rquote ll take you to the fairy realm to help us look for our friend. After we\rquote ve rescued her, we\rquote ll all return home, you included. You\rquote ll have your chance.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s a deal. I\rquote d shake on it if I could.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Just give your solemn oath as a vampire that you\rquote ll be our ally.\rdblquote\par
The baron gave his oath. George waited patiently while the baron summoned a spirit. One black and white spirit appeared.\par
\ldblquote Bring the ghost here. Also bring three companions, I need them to do some spying.\rdblquote\par
They vanished. \ldblquote Do you know anything about them, Fleur?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No. Maybe the baron does?\rdblquote\par
George bent over the baron. \ldblquote This may hurt a little.\rdblquote  He grasped the knife by the hilt, waggled it a bit to loosen it, and removed it. \ldblquote You have one chance, don\rquote t misbehave and blow it.\rdblquote\par
The baron didn\rquote t move. The spirits returned, bringing Larissa with them. She almost hugged George, she was so happy to see him.\par
\ldblquote Did they hurt you?\rdblquote  George asked.\par
\ldblquote No, they just kept me in a strange, cave like place. It was black and white, with a woodgrain pattern. It kept moving, like it was made of fog. What\rquote s happened here?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Baron Samedi here is the only survivor, the rest are all dead. But they captured Melody, we\rquote re arranging to rescue her.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Is there anything I can do to help?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That would be nice, but I\rquote m just glad you\rquote re back.\rdblquote  George replied. \ldblquote The baron has promised to help get Melody back, in exchange for his life.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I thought you were going to punish him.\rdblquote  Larissa seemed disappointed.\par
\ldblquote Well, he proved quite hard to kill, but he\rquote s been lying there for a while, paralysed from the neck down. He\rquote s healing now I\rquote ve removed my knife. He was kind enough to bring you back from where his spirits had taken you.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We would have come to find you if he hadn\rquote t.\rdblquote  Fleur added. \ldblquote But he\rquote s on probation. Is that the right word? If he does anything wrong, I get to kill him.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, I see.\rdblquote  Larissa replied. \ldblquote Where are we? What are we waiting for?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We\rquote re in a parallel world.\rdblquote  George replied. \ldblquote You\rquote ll have to ask Fleur how it works. As soon as the baron is back on his feet, we\rquote re going back to our world. Then we\rquote re going to find Melody, she\rquote s in yet another world.\rdblquote  He wasn\rquote t sure that made sense.\par
\par
\par
\b Chapter - The Search for Melody\par
\b0 When they returned, the palugs were all dressed in green hose, jerkins and trews. They looked like Robin Hood meets Lord of the Rings with their odd, cat like faces and fingers with retractable claws. Some wore swords, some carried bows and arrows. Siobhan hissed when she saw Baron Samedi. \ldblquote What\rquote s he doing here?\rdblquote\par
George explained, with help from Fleur. George added \ldblquote He\rquote s given his solemn oath that he will serve us and help us. If he breaks that oath, he dies.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote In our realm, any oathbreaker dies.\rdblquote  Donall explained. \ldblquote He\rquote s not human, he will be held accountable if he breaks his word.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I was a member of a band of rogue vampires. Fafnir blood oathed me, he was mad as a snake, always talking about dying in battle.\rdblquote  Baron Samedi explained. \ldblquote They are all dead now; George has given me a chance to redeem myself. Siobhan, you surely know the Morrigan ordered me to sacrifice you.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So, you are our ally. Our new mistress agrees.\rdblquote  Siobhan gave the baron a hard look. She pointed at him with her index finger, extending her claws as she did. \ldblquote I do not trust you. You must earn my trust.\rdblquote\par
The baron nodded. \ldblquote So be it. We have George\rquote s girlfriend to rescue. George, do you have my staff?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s in the grass where you dropped it. It\rquote s damaged.\rdblquote\par
The baron held out his hand, and smiled. There was a shimmer, and the staff was there, undamaged. At the same time there was a flicker of bluish light as Fleur conjured a basket ball sized sphere of bluish flames that hovered above her right hand. The baron bowed. \ldblquote Don\rquote t worry, my lady, I have given my word.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I agree with Siobhan - you still have to earn my trust.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What do we do next?\rdblquote  Larissa asked.\par
\ldblquote If everyone is ready, we go to the realm where Naimh\rquote s fortress is.\rdblquote  George remarked. \ldblquote I'm relying on the palugs to get us there.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Is everyone going?\rdblquote  Donall asked. \ldblquote Then follow me.\rdblquote  George swung the axe over his left shoulder.\par
They walked for a little over a kilometer through the woods to a lichen encrusted granite boulder in the shade of a large oak tree. George could feel magic surrounding it.\par
\ldblquote These woods still exist in your realm,\rdblquote  Donall commented, \ldblquote because of this gateway. It has been here for thousands of years.\rdblquote\par
Fleur walked around the boulder and tree, smiling and feeling the magic. \ldblquote It\rquote s magnificent, George. I can see what they\rquote ve done. It draws power from the earth through the tree. The power has kept the tree young. Can you feel it?\rdblquote\par
Both George and the baron did as Fleur had done. \ldblquote I feel it, it runs deep into the earth, and high into the sky.\rdblquote  George remarked.\par
The baron shivered. \ldblquote This tree is ancient. It must have grown when the last ice age finished. It\rquote s at least ten thousand years old. Do you know how this was done?\rdblquote\par
George shook his head. Fleur smiled. \ldblquote Yes. I can feel how it fits together. Can you?\rdblquote\par
The baron shook his head. Donall asked, \ldblquote Mistress, can you open it? We find it difficult to open from this side.\rdblquote\par
Fleur smiled in a way that made her look very young. Placing her hand against the boulder, she seemed to concentrate for a few seconds. A gossamer shimmer appeared between the trunk of the tree and the boulder. \ldblquote Anyone can walk through now.\rdblquote\par
Fleur waited. George looked at those around him. \ldblquote Perhaps we should go first?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote All right.\rdblquote  Fleur took his hand, and together they walked through. The others followed, including the three black and white spirits.\par
They were in a small, leafy glade lit by moonlight, very similar to what they\rquote d left. Immediately behind them was a huge oak and a granite boulder with the gossamer shimmer between them, out of which the others were appearing. There were thousands of tiny lights flitting around, but they didn\rquote t seem to be insects.\par
George and Fleur looked around curiously; the others didn\rquote t. They\rquote d all been this way many times before. When the last of the palugs came through, Donall said \ldblquote My lady, you should close the portal so nothing blunders through from the human realm.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, yes.\rdblquote  Fleur put her hand on the boulder and the gossamer shimmer vanished.\par
George turned to the baron. \ldblquote Do you think the Black Prince knows about the fey realms?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We never told him. Did you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No.\rdblquote  George made it sound like a stupid question.\par
\ldblquote If you and I can discover it, then he can as well. Of course, he might suspect without knowing. It took me years to prove this realm exists. They fey mostly don\rquote t want contact with humans - they have no magic.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Are you guys for real?\rdblquote  Larissa asked. \ldblquote Fairies exist, and this is the fairy realm?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We don\rquote t call ourselves fairies,\rdblquote  Fleur commented, \ldblquote that\rquote s what humans call us. We have a lot of different names, but Fae or Fey are generic terms.\rdblquote  She spelled them for Larissa. \ldblquote So this is the Fey realm or the Faerie realm.\rdblquote  She spelled the word. \ldblquote Which way do we go?\rdblquote\par
Donall spoke. \ldblquote The sithen of lady Naimh, the Morrigan. Show us the path.\rdblquote  He gestured, and George felt him call magic. A number of the flitting lights formed up in a snaking line, indicating a track through the forest.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s a shee-then?\rdblquote  George asked.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s an earth and stone mound some of the Fey live in.\rdblquote  Donall replied.\par
\ldblquote Mels told me that the gods and goddesses humans used to worship were the ancient mound dwellers. They called themselves the people of the mounds, \lquote aos sithen\rquote , or Sidhe for short. They looked like beautiful humans, they had powerful magic, and they were immortal.\rdblquote  Fleur commented. \ldblquote She also said there was a great war some five thousand years ago, many of them died, most of the rest disappeared.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve heard that too.\rdblquote  Donall remarked. \ldblquote The Fey are said to be mongrel descendants of those Sidhe. Not as powerful, not as pretty, not immortal.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m not sure about immortality,\rdblquote  George said. \ldblquote They may live a long time, but if they can die they\rquote re not immortal.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote d say if you stab them through the heart, and they heal almost immediately, that\rquote s close enough to immortal.\rdblquote  Siobhan said. \ldblquote The original Sidhe never grew old either.\rdblquote  Then she smiled and shrugged. \ldblquote It matters not. Those who remain are not the Sidhe, but half breed descendants. We follow the lights out of the forest, and then we follow the path we find.\rdblquote\par
George was aware of magic all around them as they walked, like a fog or a forest scent. His vampire senses told him the forest was full of life, and each of those living things was full of magic power. Melody had taken him places like this, it wasn\rquote t completely unfamiliar.\par
The palugs seemed to glide silently through the undergrowth, unlike the baron, George and Fleur. That surprised him a bit, his years as a guerrilla had taught him to move very quietly. For some reason, twigs and leaves kept snagging his feet and clothes. \ldblquote Why are we making so much noise compared to the palugs?\rdblquote  George thought to Fleur.\par
\ldblquote The forest knows we are different, it is alerting listeners to our presence. Let me try something.\rdblquote  She touched his hand. He felt a prickle of power, and suddenly his feet made no sound, and twigs and leaves seemed to avoid him. Only the baron was audible.\par
\ldblquote How d\rquote ye do that, Fleur?\rdblquote  The baron asked.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll show you.\rdblquote  She touched his hand, and his steps fell silent. \ldblquote I did something that causes the forest to recognise you. Sorry, I know this stuff, but I don\rquote t think about it until someone reminds me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re doing just fine. There\rquote s only one way to learn, by doing it.\rdblquote  George remarked.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re quite young, aren\rquote t you?\rdblquote  the baron asked.\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t think so, but all the non humans I know are much older than me.\rdblquote\par
Siobhan interrupted. \ldblquote There\rquote s a dream spider in a tree ahead, you should protect yourselves.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s that?\rdblquote  George asked.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s a bit like a vampire.\rdblquote  The woman said with a needling tone. \ldblquote It tries to control your mind, gives you dreams and visions to stop you fleeing, and drains the life out of you.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It prays on the weak.\rdblquote  Donall added.\par
\ldblquote Well, a couple of vampires should give it a run for its money.\rdblquote  George replied.\par
George could detect something around the size of an urang utan in one of the trees ahead. Like everything else around him, it possessed magic. It didn\rquote t seem particularly threatening.\par
But that\rquote s what it wants us to think, George thought. That\rquote s what a vampire would do. As they came closer, George spied something moving among the trees, approaching.\par
He moved off the track to get a better look. He heard Fleur call \ldblquote George!\rdblquote , but he ignored her. The figure was familiar somehow,  female, with long, dark hair, firm breasts, wearing a long dress of cornflower blue. Like Ana would wear to church when she was alive. As he thought that, the figure resolved itself into Ana, smiling at him, beckoning.\par
A pang stabbed his heart, though she\rquote d been dead over one hundred and ninety years. \ldblquote How dare you pretend to be Ana!\rdblquote  he shouted. The fury rose. His eyes bled to black. The hunger that could never be sated rose. \ldblquote You want to play mind games with a master vampire? You think you can eat someone like me?\rdblquote  His vampire senses told him that the creature would make a decent meal for several vampires. \ldblquote Then come here and let me make a meal of you.\rdblquote\par
The creature might have been a grey furred ape, or some sort of humanoid, clad in grey garments. It went deathly still, then began to move furtively behind the tree trunk.\par
George exerted himself. \ldblquote Come here, little one, come here.\rdblquote\par
The creature began to move hesitantly along a branch towards George, as if it were fighting all the way. It wasn\rquote t an ape, but a small, misshapen humanoid clad in grey skins.\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s enough power to feed a family of vampires.\rdblquote  the baron commented.\par
\ldblquote Dad, leave it alone! Let it go.\rdblquote  Fleur\rquote s voice penetrated his growing hunger.\par
George shook himself, banking the fires. \ldblquote Run, little one, run. Don\rquote t ever try that on me again.\rdblquote\par
The humanoid scarpered like a monkey, running along branches, leaping from tree to tree. George let his anger evaporate. \ldblquote It showed me Ana. It tried to pretend she was alive, and come to see me. That made me angry. Sorry, Fleur.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Who is Ana?\rdblquote  Siobhan asked.\par
George\rquote s face went vampire blank, hiding his feelings. \ldblquote She was my wife, many years ago, when I was human. Turkish soldiers came to my village, raping, pillaging, murdering. They massacred all who couldn\rquote t get away, butchered them. They butchered my children, they raped and butchered my wife.\rdblquote  This was said in a blank deadpan voice. \ldblquote I was cutting firewood, none of us knew anything until we returned to the village. That was the day I became a vampire.\rdblquote\par
George\rquote s eyes had turned black again. There was a prickly feeling of power about him. \ldblquote I took my revenge on the invaders; I killed many of them. But revenge is empty, it doesn\rquote t bring back the dead. I buried my family, I buried my feelings, I buried my anger. Then some stupid little wannabe vampire goes and digs them up again.\rdblquote\par
Fleur hugged him. \ldblquote They would have reincarnated by now, maybe more than once. They could be alive now, somewhere out there. You just have to find them.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote She won\rquote t approve of what I\rquote ve become.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Melody says we\rquote ll find a way to save you. We\rquote re your family now, you have to take care of us.\rdblquote\par
George took a deep breath, letting it out slowly. Tears glittered in his eyes. \ldblquote One problem at a time, I always tell you. Let\rquote s find Melody.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I suppose now is not the time to tell you I\rquote m hungry?\rdblquote  The baron complained good naturedly.\par
\ldblquote No, you\rquote ll get a chance later.\rdblquote  George replied.\par
They set off again. The baron remarked to Fleur, \ldblquote I lost my family when I became a vampire. Do you think they could be out there somewhere?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Everybody reincarnates.\rdblquote  Fleur replied. \ldblquote Melody says most people come back within thirty years of dying. How long ago was this?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What about my family?\rdblquote  Larissa put in angrily. \ldblquote I have parents, a brother, a little niece, and a boyfriend. You cut me up, now I\rquote m dead.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I was blood oathed to Fafnir.\rdblquote  The baron explained. \ldblquote You can\rquote t disobey a direct order when you\rquote re blood oathed. Is it too late to say I\rquote m sorry? That I\rquote ll make it up to you if I can.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll think about it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Every master vampire blood oaths their followers.\rdblquote  George explained. \ldblquote It\rquote s a form of slavery. I was blood oathed to the vampire that made me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What happened to him?\rdblquote  Larissa asked.\par
\ldblquote The Turks killed him. Most of his followers died, I survived.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The Black Prince didn\rquote t blood oath you then?\rdblquote  The baron asked.\par
\ldblquote Erm, no.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Unusual. I wonder why?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Plausible deniability.\rdblquote  Fleur responded. \ldblquote How did you lose your family, baron?\rdblquote\par
Fleur needs to learn to be more circumspect, George thought. That information might be worth something to the right person.\par
The baron just nodded. \ldblquote I was born on the west coast of Africa,\rdblquote  the baron said, \ldblquote I\rquote m not sure exactly where, or when. Slavers came, they captured me and my wife and some of our children. I was put on a boat with the other men, my wife was taken on another boat. I never saw her again.\rdblquote\par
He seemed to be staring into the distance, at something the others couldn\rquote t see, somewhere beyond the trees. \ldblquote We were packed into the hold like sardines in a tin, chained, little food or water. Many men died. I survived, and I was sold to work the fields on a plantation. After a year or so some of us killed the overseer and guards, and escaped. They hunted us, but we were desperate, and killed those who hunted us, and took their weapons. I found my way to a pirate base. They were mostly Spaniards, but there were a few escaped slaves there. They offered me a chance to learn sailing, to work on a boat. I took it, and for several years I was a pirate.\par
\ldblquote The Spanish navy sought us out, several times they nearly caught us. Finally they had us and several English ships under fire. Our ship was badly damaged and sinking, but the Spanish lost two ships, and fled. The English took us off our sinking ship, and so I found myself working on an English privateer, technically a private merchantman, but actually a government sanctioned pirate ship. We attacked the Spanish merchant ships, and took what cargo was of value.\par
\ldblquote But the English signed a peace treaty, and I found myself bound for England. I should have stayed in Bermuda as a sailor. Instead, I landed in cold, foggy London. I was looking for a ship I could work my passage back to Bermuda or Jamaica, hanging around the inns and taverns, trying to save the last of my money, when I was attacked. There were maybe eight of them, but I was teaching them a lesson, when this bearded man walks up to me and tells me to follow him. My attackers fled, but I couldn\rquote t disobey, and followed him. That was Fafnir, he controlled my mind, he and three others drank my blood and raped me, and then they murdered me. Three days later I woke up a vampire, and I was Fafnir\rquote s slave. And this time I could not rebel.\rdblquote  There was anger in his voice.\par
\ldblquote You see, Larissa,\rdblquote  George said, \ldblquote no one willingly becomes a vampire. It\rquote s all about mind control, rape and murder, and three days later, you wake up a vampire, and a slave to your maker. We\rquote re all damaged goods, full of anger and suffering.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But I am finally free for the first time in nearly two hundred and forty years.\rdblquote  Baron Samedi finished. \ldblquote It is a good feeling. George, Fleur, I thank you for killing the Viking and his witch.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t plan on blood oathing you. The Black Prince might have other ideas though. He doesn\rquote t enslave his master vampires though, he generally leaves them free to do as they like. He hadn\rquote t blood oathed Fafnir, that much I know.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Fafnir always said he was.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Guys,\rdblquote  Siobhan interrupted, \ldblquote you can continue this conversation later. We\rquote re nearing the edge of the forest, the sithen are close. You should start planning your rescue.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hmm, it\rquote s fairly sketchy at the moment; we might have to improvise.\rdblquote  George replied. \ldblquote First, we find our way in, then we find Melody,  then we find our way out.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Making it up as you go along is usually better.\rdblquote  the Baron observed. \ldblquote People can\rquote t easily guess what you\rquote re going to do.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s the idea.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Before we go much further, I used a lot of power healing myself, I really need to feed soon, George. I\rquote m running on empty, as they say these days.\rdblquote\par
George reflected that the baron was being polite and friendly, just the way a vampire would be towards his master. It didn\rquote t matter that he wasn\rquote t blood oathed, George had beaten him in a fight. \ldblquote Very well, but we can\rquote t have you feeding off our friends. Extend your senses, what can you feel about you that could feed you?\rdblquote  He didn\rquote t want Fleur giving the baron energy either, not until George knew he could trust the baron, and not unless Melody said so.\par
\ldblquote There\rquote s nothing large.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What about the trees?\rdblquote  They loomed large in his senses, larger than anything else, including the palugs.\par
\ldblquote How do you feed off a tree? There is no blood.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s not the blood you need. Vampires can fill their stomachs with ordinary human food. How do you take energy when you drink blood?\rdblquote\par
The baron looked thoughtful. \ldblquote I\rquote m not sure. I just do it. I don\rquote t find human food satisfying, by the way.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, there\rquote s no power; but you can still enjoy the taste. These trees can feed you. Watch me.\rdblquote\par
George walked over to a large oak tree and stroked its trunk. \ldblquote You can feel the power, and you ask it to give you some, just as you should ask any food.\rdblquote  George was aware he was using Melody\rquote s words.\par
\ldblquote What, you want me to become a tree hugger?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Not quite. You\rquote re a master vampire, you should know you don\rquote t need blood, just life force. And you\rquote re not some city boy who knows nothing of spirits or magic. You can feel the tree\rquote s power. Watch me.\rdblquote\par
George began drawing energy from the tree. It was different from human life force, this was slow, solid, with earth, water and air mixed in. It was powerful, with the power to break rocks and uproot houses.\par
The baron watched for a few moments, then placed his hands on the trunk. Suddenly he smiled, innocent, childlike. \ldblquote It likes me.\rdblquote  He laid his head against the trunk, then delicately placed his lips against the bark, resting his fangs against the trunk. He closed his eyes.\par
He was still and silent for several minutes before he stepped back, whispering \ldblquote Thank you, Father Oak.\rdblquote  He turned to face George, who was wearing a knowing look, and Fleur, who was grinning. \ldblquote Wow. That was incredible. It was like something from the shaman\rquote s stories when I was human. I feel like superman.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote This is a magic forest, the trees have power.\rdblquote  Fleur remarked.\par
\ldblquote Do you feel the need for blood?\rdblquote  George asked.\par
\ldblquote No, though my belly\rquote s grumbling a bit. I\rquote m used to that, though. Let\rquote s go rescue that girl of yours. I feel up to the task now.\rdblquote\par
The forest ended soon after, opening into rolling plains. Although it was night, with a three quarter moon, the whole area was plainly visible to vampire sight. There were low shrubs and wild flowers everywhere, some night flowering, with a heady scent. There were thirteen large mounds spread across the plains, each one a small hill. Each was between seventy and one hundred meters in diameter. They were separated by as much as a hundred and fifty meters. Some mounds grew trees or large shrubs, one was bare rock, most were covered with grass and wild flowers.\par
George rearranged them in his mind, laying them out on an imaginary map, enabling him to see the spatial relationships between them. \ldblquote Does anyone think they\rquote re laid out like the constellation Orion?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, I\rquote ll be ...\rdblquote  the baron exclaimed. \ldblquote I\rquote ve never thought of that before, but I think you\rquote re right. The Morrigan\rquote s would be on Orion\rquote s belt, second from the left.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Great.\rdblquote  George remarked. \ldblquote Who\rquote s going with me?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We won\rquote t go with you,\rdblquote  Donall replied,  \ldblquote the Sidhe don\rquote t like us, they believe anyone who can take animal form is an abomination. They say we are less than human, while they are more than human.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And since the Unseelie Sidhe all look half animal,\rdblquote  Siobhan added, \ldblquote that\rquote s a bit rich. Bunch of hypocrites.\rdblquote\par
Fleur was nodding. \ldblquote The Seelie Sidhe are beautiful human like, glowing. But most of the Fey aren\rquote t Sidhe, they don\rquote t resemble humans much. Even the palugs here don\rquote t look human. Melody says the Unseelie Sidhe are the product of matings between the Sidhe and the non Sidhe Fey.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It started that way.\rdblquote  Donall observed. \ldblquote Now the Unseelie mate amongst themselves, or with the non Sidhe, and sometimes with the Sidhe. Anyone who is not a perfect Sidhe specimen is consigned to the Unseelie realm. We will wait for you here.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Do you people have homes somewhere near?\rdblquote  George asked.\par
\ldblquote We live in the forest. May the goddess aid you.\rdblquote\par
They  took their leave. The baron led the way, following what looked like a goat track. Larissa glided along beside George, on the other side of Fleur. The three black and white spirits floated behind the baron.\par
\ldblquote The guards know me.\rdblquote  The baron volunteered. \ldblquote I think I could say we\rquote ve been sent to collect the prisoner.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That might work.\rdblquote  George replied. \ldblquote But what if they ask why we haven\rquote t any guards?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We tell them we don\rquote t need any. She would be restrained anyway.\rdblquote\par
They discussed details as they walked. The baron led them to the mound he had indicated, and to a stone gateway into the mound - two upright stone pillars with a heavy stone across the top. The gateway was large enough for several horsemen to ride through abreast.\par
Larissa settled to the ground, giving the impression she was walking. Two guards stood in the gateway. Behind the guards the gate appeared to be solid rock.\par
The guards were dressed in kilts of a dark green and blue tartan pattern, leather jerkins, bronze breastplates, helmets, and grieves, matching tartan capes, and leather boots. They both bore halberds, wore short swords at their hips, and round bucklers. It took a moment to realise they had four arms instead of two.\par
\ldblquote What do you want?\rdblquote  one of them snarled.\par
\ldblquote The Morrigan sent us to collect the prisoner.\rdblquote  The baron said, sounding bored.\par
\ldblquote Which one?\rdblquote  The guard also sounded bored.\par
\ldblquote The girl, the one she brought here earlier.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote All right, pass.\rdblquote  He turned to a shelf behind him that contained wooden twigs each tipped with a small crystal. He selected one, holding it while he said \ldblquote The dungeons and back here.\rdblquote  He exerted a small amount of power, and the crystal glowed pale green. He handed it to the baron without explanation. Behind the two guards, the sold rock was now a gaping passage. It was lit by a pale, phosphorescent glow that sprouted mushroom like from the walls, and floated as drifting blobs near the ceiling.\par
The baron accepted the twig and led the others into the passage. When George looked back, there was solid rock behind them. \ldblquote How do we get out again?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote This is the key.\rdblquote  The baron waved the twig. \ldblquote Only the doors along our path will open, so no one wander off. Without a key you\rquote ll be trapped. And we must reach the dungeons before it will let us return.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That would make it hard to be a spy or a thief.\rdblquote  George observed.\par
\ldblquote The Fey all have magic,\rdblquote  the baron countered. \ldblquote so they can find ways around it.\rdblquote\par
The corridor twisted and turned, but appeared to have no branches. Several times they passed people, for want on a better word, who ignored them. One group of three were the guards with four arms - they glanced their way, but ignored them. \par
A second group consisted of three small humanoids, with large butterfly wings sprouting from their backs. They were bald, dressed in crimson trews and white, singlet like tops that covered only their chests, not backs. They spoke in birdlike trills. They scarcely glanced at George\rquote s group.\par
The fifth group consisted of a blocky, muscular man roughly four meters tall, with green hair, eyes that glowed green and gold, and long, curving tusks emerging from his mouth. He wore pale blue trews and jerkin, with a grass green cloak. His companion was human sized, with milk pale skin, eyes that glowed blue and gold, and shoulder length auburn hair. His ears were pointed, his face long, and his slender hands were tipped with claws. He was dressed in black trews and jerkin, and a blood coloured cloak. His black belt and boots sported gold buttons.\par
The pale man sniffed loudly, then spoke in heavily accented English. \ldblquote Vampires. Such trash should not be allowed in a sithen.\rdblquote\par
George and the baron looked at each other. The baron shrugged. \ldblquote Best to do nothing.\rdblquote  he said softly. They continued on their way.\par
The pale man grabbed at Fleur. \ldblquote Human! You are forbidden!\rdblquote\par
George\rquote s silver blade was at the pale man\rquote s throat with vampire swiftness. The pale man sneered. \ldblquote Silver? The Sidhe are immune, and immortal, vampire. You cannot harm me. The human girl is forbidden on pain of death.\rdblquote  He made another grab at Fleur. \par
This time, blue fire flashed, and the pale man withdrew his hand with an oath. The blue fire spread over Fleur\rquote s body, and she began to glow. \ldblquote Be careful who you insult, pale Fey. I am not human. If you try to touch me again, you will regret it. Now go about your business.\rdblquote\par
Fleur looked severe, almost grim, then she grinned. \ldblquote Bet no one\rquote s said that go you in a while?\rdblquote  The blue fire began to fade.\par
The pale man had dropped to one knee, a look of horror on his face.  \ldblquote No, milady, it has been a while since someone rebuked me for bad manners. I offer you my humblest and deepest apologies for my behaviour. But in my defence, you did a very good impression of being human.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Then I forgive you. Now, if you will excuse us, we will be about our business. Please don\rquote t tell anyone you saw me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Of course not, milady.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Let\rquote s go.\rdblquote  Fleur swept down the corridor, followed by the vampires, and Larissa.\par
About twenty meters along, a corridor opened on the left. \ldblquote We go left here, milady.\rdblquote  the baron said. They went left, and the passage closed behind them.\par
\ldblquote Do you know him?\rdblquote  George asked.\par
\ldblquote No, but he now thinks he knows me. Mels taught me to do that; Sidhe lordlings are stuck up, they have an ancient hierarchy, where magical power determines the pecking order. Show one his power can\rquote t touch you, and he\rquote ll practically worship you.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Sounds like master vampires.\rdblquote  George responded. \ldblquote Do you know anything about that guy, Samedi?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve seen him before with the Morrigan. Fleur\rquote s right, he\rquote s a minor lord, hates the fact that the Seelie Sidhe don\rquote t accept him, looks down on anyone who is less Sidhe like than he. His claws mark him as Unseelie Sidhe. Fleur\rquote s human looks and Sidhe powers indicate she is Seelie Sidhe. He knows he\rquote s inferior.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s all so different.\rdblquote  Larissa exclaimed.\par
\ldblquote Let\rquote s find Melody.\rdblquote  Fleur remarked. \ldblquote She\rquote s in danger.\rdblquote\par
They came at last to a large room, dimly lit, with iron cages spread around the floor. Some of the cages had solitary occupants. There were half a dozen guards in the room, most clustered about a nearby cage.\par
A naked female was chained in there, hands fastened to the roof of the cage, feet fastened to the floor. She was hooded and spread eagled, there were bloodstains and bruises on her body. Her arms and legs were crooked, as if they\rquote d been broken and badly set. George looked at her, then at the other cages\rquote  occupants, then back to the female. He\rquote d never seen Melody naked, but this female had to be her.\par
\ldblquote The Morrigan sent us to fetch the female prisoner, the one who came in recently.\rdblquote  the baron said to the guard who challenged them.\par
\ldblquote Do you have the token from her?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, she didn\rquote t give us one. She was in a hurry.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s her own rules, she gives a token for the release of a prisoner. No token, no prisoner.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Obviously she was in a hurry.\rdblquote  George replied. \ldblquote They\rquote re her rules, she can break them.\rdblquote  To come so far, there she was in a cage like some animal. The guard was shaking his head. George began to wonder what Fleur could do.\par
The baron took up the argument. \ldblquote You see, she was in a hurry, she ordered us to be as fast as we can. Now you\rquote re saying we have to go all the way back to tell her the guards refused because she didn\rquote t give us a token. She\rquote ll be very angry, and she\rquote ll punish all of you. But you know us, we\rquote re her vampires. It\rquote s not as if we\rquote re a bunch of goblins wanting to kidnap a prisoner. But, George, the man is right, he can insist on a token, and we\rquote ll just have to go back and fetch one.\rdblquote\par
George fell in with the ploy. \ldblquote You\rquote re right. She won\rquote t be very happy, but we will be as quick as we can. It\rquote s not our fault, I just hope she doesn't punish us.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I think she\rquote ll want to return with us. I don\rquote t think she\rquote ll kill the guards, more likely torture them for a few months.\rdblquote\par
The guard seemed to be thinking about what they said. \ldblquote You\rquote re vampires, that\rquote s true enough, and you couldn\rquote t have reached here without her authority. One of you must have her token of authority.\rdblquote\par
He turned to Fleur. \ldblquote Young lady, you are not a vampire, you are Fey. It is to you that the mistress would have given her token of authority. Please show it to me.\rdblquote\par
Fleur looked a little surprised, but nodded as if listening to something the others couldn\rquote t hear. \ldblquote I have authority, but it is not something I can give to you.\rdblquote  Her face became stern.\par
\ldblquote No, young lady, you do not give it to me, you must show it to me. Hold out your right hand, palm up.\rdblquote  The guard passed his left hand over Fleur\rquote s extended palm. George could see the spark of magic pass between them. The guard\rquote s face showed surprise. He made a sign of obeisance.  \ldblquote My lady, forgive me, I did not recognise you. Your will is our command. We will release the prisoner immediately. Please indicate to us which one you require.\rdblquote\par
Fleur did so. George handed his axe to Fleur, then took off his overcoat. He followed the guard to the cage. The guard opened the cage door, and George followed him inside, ordering \ldblquote Remove the hood.\rdblquote\par
Melody blinked in the brightness of the gloom, then her drawn face began to relax. \ldblquote My arms are numb, and my legs are going numb.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll take your weight.\rdblquote  George draped her in his overcoat, only realising then that it was bloodstained. \ldblquote Unfasten her feet first.\rdblquote  he ordered the guard. \par
He put one arm about Melody\rquote s waist, stabilising her, then held and carefully lowered each arm as it was released. Melody sagged against him, and he picked her up. The coat flopped open. \ldblquote Cover her modesty.\rdblquote  he ordered. When that was done he carried her through the cage door.  There was a grim look on his face.\par
Fleur was walking around the floor, peering at the prisoners in their cages. She looked distressed. She took two deep breaths before finding her voice. \ldblquote Guards, release all the prisoners. Tend their wounds, then send them safely home.\rdblquote  She had managed the tone of command, and the guards jumped to it.\par
\ldblquote Where are her clothes and belongings?\rdblquote  George asked.\par
The guard with him led him over to a large set of shelves built against one wall. He indicated one bundle. \ldblquote I believe these are hers.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Melody, can you pick them up?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Not yet. Fleur, I need your help.\rdblquote  That last was thought more than spoken,\par
Fleur came immediately. \ldblquote How are you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Weak, injured. I need your power to heal.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How bad is it?\rdblquote  George asked, feeling sick.\par
\ldblquote Tell you later.\rdblquote\par
Fleur touched her right hand against Melody\rquote s body, and George felt the outpouring of power. Melody lay quiet in his arms for perhaps forty seconds, then she shivered, then yawned, then her entire form flickered out of focus, and her weight disappeared. A few moments later she came back into focus, and her weight returned.\par
Melody smiled at George. \ldblquote All better, you can put me down now, George.\rdblquote\par
George did so. The coat flapped open to reveal she was fully clothed. She grabbed his head and kissed him on the lips. \ldblquote Thanks, George.\rdblquote  Then she turned and did the same to Fleur. \ldblquote Let\rquote s get out of here.\rdblquote\par
Fleur handed George the axe, Melody picked up her clothes and personal effects. George looked around to see that the other guards were unlocking cages and unfastening chains.\par
Fleur turned to the baron, saying \ldblquote Samedi, lead us out of here.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote With pleasure, my lady.\rdblquote  \par
\par
\par
\b Chapter - The Long Way Home\par
\b0\par
Melody cautioned them not to discuss anything until they were in the open. They walked almost in silence, Larissa gliding alongside George. The baron was leading, holding his stick with its crystal to show the way. The three black and white spirits followed him closely.\par
After a while, Fleur stopped the group. \ldblquote Mels, I don't think we\rquote re going the right way.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But the crystal is glowing green, and there are no turns.\rdblquote  the baron countered.\par
Melody smiled. \ldblquote Fleur, what makes you say that?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I can sort of feel the whole sithen about me. We seem to be circling towards the middle and down. Outside is that way.\rdblquote  she indicated with her hand.\par
The baron looked skeptical. \ldblquote These direction sticks aren\rquote t supposed to be wrong.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But powerful Fey can meddle with them.\rdblquote  Melody countered. \ldblquote I trust Fleur\rquote s judgment, someone wants to keep us here. Fleur, you are the one the sithen is showing itself to. You can command it to let us out.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t understand.\rdblquote  the baron said.\par
\ldblquote Later, when we\rquote re free. Fleur, take us home.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote All right.\rdblquote  Fleur placed her right hand on the right side of the corridor. After a few seconds, the wall shimmered and a passage opened leading up. \ldblquote This is the way.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Samedi, throw that magical item as far down the old corridor as you can.\rdblquote  Melody ordered. \ldblquote Whoever wants us can track us through that.\rdblquote\par
The vampire raised his eyebrows, but did as he was bid. They walked along the new corridor, and soon came to the exit, and the guards. There seemed to be a large number of guards, and other soldiers, and none of them looked friendly.\par
\ldblquote Surrender now, there is no escape.\rdblquote  The speaker was androgynous looking, slim, two arms and legs, but a third eye in the middle of his forehead, and a cascade of silvery hair in a ponytail that reached his waist. He was clad in green tights and boots, and silvery chain mail. He gestured with the fingers of one hand, and the corridor closed behind them.\par
A moment later the walls of the sithen rose around them, while the corridor opened again. \ldblquote We need to find another way out.\rdblquote  Fleur exclaimed.\par
\ldblquote Wait.\rdblquote  Melody admonished. \ldblquote Fleur, stop and think. When you killed the Morrigan, her power and authority went to you. You control the sithen, you control its guards. That\rquote s why the guard recognised your authority in the dungeon. You can order the guards to stand down, you can revoke the authority of their commander. You can appoint your own second in charge. Talk to the sithen, you'll see.\rdblquote\par
The baron was standing open mouthed, George looked thoughtful. Larissa shook her head, \ldblquote I don\rquote t understand.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s magic. If you kill someone in single combat, you assume their titles, authorities and some of their powers. There\rquote s no why, that\rquote s how it has been for tens of thousands of years. Fleur is now the Queen of this sithen.\rdblquote\par
Fleur had placed her hands on the rock of the corridor wall, and stood silently. Minutes went by before she turned to the others. \ldblquote I\rquote ve done it. The sithen told me who to appoint as second in command. I hadn\rquote t realised. Wow!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Does this mean we can leave now?\rdblquote  George asked.\par
\ldblquote Yes.\rdblquote  Melody smiled. \ldblquote Fleur, you are the Queen. What will you do?\rdblquote\par
Fleur nodded. \ldblquote I\rquote m in charge. Is it safe to drop the wall?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote If you command it to be safe, it will be.\rdblquote  Melody replied.\par
Fleur nodded again. She seemed suddenly regal, commanding. \ldblquote Keep us safe. Open a door for us.\rdblquote  The wall to the outside vanished. \ldblquote Soldiers, stand down.\rdblquote  Her voice carried across the field. \ldblquote You, come here.\rdblquote  She pointed to the commander. \ldblquote I have revoked your authority, you are no longer in charge. All of you, go back in the sithen, leave us.\rdblquote\par
The soldiers began sheathing their weapons. The commander glowered, struggling to stay where he was. \ldblquote You were lucky when you killed the queen. She was weak. Soldiers, capture them!\rdblquote\par
Fleur walked a few steps towards him. \ldblquote You no longer command here. Now stand down, and go away. The soldiers all know you have no authority. Report to your new commander.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote By the Lord and Lady!  I challenge you to a duel, to the death!\rdblquote  He conjured a ball of orange fire and hurled it at Fleur.\par
The earth beneath George\rquote s feet seemed to tremble with energy. Bluish flames rose like a wall around Fleur, hiding her from view. The ball of orange fire struck the bluish flame and was swallowed. \ldblquote That would have been a death blow for almost any Sidhe.\rdblquote  Melody remarked.\par
The bluish flames become a swirling column towering six or more meters into the air. Fleur\rquote s voice was no longer female, not even human, but a deep roaring. \ldblquote Run! If you want to live, run!\rdblquote\par
A look of horror crossed the former commander\rquote s face as he realised he was outclassed. A tongue of fire lashed out, curled around him. He burned like a magnesium flare for several seconds before sputtering out. Nothing remained save a blackened patch of earth, there was no ash, and no trace of his metal armour or weapons. The swirling column of bluish fire collapsed and vanished, leaving Fleur behind.\par
She swayed, and George threw down the axe and ran to catch her. \ldblquote Are you all right?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Just a bit dizzy. Thanks. I haven\rquote t done something like that since you found me.\rdblquote  She threw her arms about him, snuggled up. \ldblquote I\rquote m still your daughter, aren\rquote t I?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, you will always be my beloved daughter.\rdblquote  George almost shivered as he said that. Some power was watching, would hold him to that promise.\par
Larissa turned to the others. \ldblquote What is she?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Some sort of fire goddess.\rdblquote  the baron opined.\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  Melody shook her head, \ldblquote she is an elemental power that believed she was a human child. When George found her, she was a nine year old street kid, running from a fire she\rquote d caused. I told her she was a fire elf; George and I brought her up. Now she is part human, part elf. She is our daughter.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What do you mean by \lquote an elemental who thought she was human.\rquote ?\rdblquote  Larissa asked.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s wonderfully mysterious.\rdblquote  Melody grinned. \rdblquote Perhaps she incarnated as human to learn how to be a better person. Perhaps she simply transformed into a human child, and forgot who she really is.  Perhaps she was condemned to become one as punishment. It doesn\rquote t really matter how it happened - she doesn\rquote t remember being anything else.  She is now an elf who happens to have unusual powers.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote She is more powerful than any Fey I\rquote ve ever seen.\rdblquote  the baron observed.\par
\ldblquote I am training her to be an elf, to control her powers, to use them for good. I just hope she remembers her training when she comes into her full powers.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How powerful is she?\rdblquote  Larissa asked.\par
\ldblquote She is still a child, and will be for many years. She killed two powerful Sidhe with little more than a shrug of her shoulders. I worry about just how powerful she may become.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How old is she now?\rdblquote  the baron asked.\par
\ldblquote We don\rquote t know. George procured a birth certificate that matched her apparent age when she was nine. That means she is twenty two now. Both of us believe she is much older. When she looked like a child, she did not really behave like a child.\rdblquote  She stopped, seeing Fleur and George walking towards them, arm in arm. \ldblquote That was well done.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Thank you.\rdblquote  Fleur\rquote s smile looked wistful. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t want to kill him.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I told her he set his death in motion when he challenge her to a duel to the death.\rdblquote  George explained.\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s right.\rdblquote  Melody continued. \ldblquote It wouldn\rquote t matter how often you knocked him out, he would follow you until he killed you or you killed him. You did exactly the right thing.\rdblquote  \par
\ldblquote I think you were very brave.\rdblquote  Larissa commented. \ldblquote Both of you.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, not me. I wasn\rquote t afraid.\rdblquote  Fleur remarked. \ldblquote They would have hurt George or Mels. I couldn\rquote t let that happen.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, all right. Melody, how did you end up in the cage?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Let\rquote s walk, I want to go home. Fleur, can you take us home?\rdblquote  Melody said. \ldblquote Larissa, the Morrigan used magic to knock me out. I came to where you found me. I think she planned to torture me once she defeated George and Fleur.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We were all lucky she didn\rquote t kill you.\rdblquote  George commented.\par
Melody laughed, a black sound. \ldblquote The Fey don\rquote t usually kill each other - I know Fleur made it look easy, but it\rquote s very hard to kill one another, and there are strictures against killing except in duels or warfare. Instead they torture each other. They can torture their prisoners for years, sometimes centuries.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They don\rquote t sound very nice.\rdblquote  Larissa remarked.\par
\ldblquote Their laws are subject to the whim of the ruler - usually the Queen or sometimes the King. Think medieval Europe, or any empire before then - Chinese, the middle east. It\rquote s all about tradition, my family, privilege, bribery and corruption, and human rights do not exist. Not even the concept exists. Anything and everything is yours for the taking, if you can get away with it. If you have any claim to the throne, you can kill those in your way. If you win, it isn\rquote t treason. Then you rule until someone further down the chain does you in.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\lquote Kiss the hand you cannot bite.\rquote  Old saying.\rdblquote  George quipped. \ldblquote Is that why you live in the human realm?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Partly. I am not related to any of the royals, and no one considers me noble. All the lords and ladies see me as a target. The human realm used to be similar, but you\rquote ve moved on. Western civilisation is a lot fairer these days.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Did they ... hurt you?\rdblquote  Larissa asked. \ldblquote You know what I mean.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You mean did they rape me? They didn\rquote t get around to it. They would likely have started that tomorrow. All they did was beat me up and break a few bones. They healed crookedly while I was in the cage.\rdblquote\par
George thought for a moment. \ldblquote So you fixed yourself up with Fleur\rquote s help.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ah.\rdblquote  Larissa said. \ldblquote That\rquote s why you didn\rquote t look as if anything was broken. How fast can you heal?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Cuts will heal in around twenty minutes, broken bones in two or three hours. That\rquote s why it is very important to have broken bones set immediately. Otherwise they have to be rebroken and reset. I used magic and the power Fleur gave me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s the same with vampires.\rdblquote  Baron Samedi observed. \ldblquote Though only masters heal that fast.\rdblquote\par
 \ldblquote You said sometimes there\rquote s a king.\rdblquote  Larissa said. \ldblquote I thought medieval societies always had kings?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Human ones do - they are almost all patriarchies. Fey societies are matriarchies - the Queen rules, the male is the consort. Forget Shakespeare and king Oberon, the real ruler of the Fey in England is Queen Mab, the Queen of light and shadow. There are numerous lesser queens, queens of individual clans, queens or kings of particular types of Fey, such as the Goblin kings. The so called Morrigan that Fleur killed was the queen of her sithen, her mound.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Did you say Fleur is now the queen of the mound now? How does that work?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote If you kill someone in single combat, you gain their powers, titles and possessions. It\rquote s tradition, but also magic. I think the Sidhe did powerful magic thousands of years ago to set this up. It might have been during their wars with the Firbolg, the original magical inhabitants of the British isles.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, erm,who were they?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Their descendants are what you would call goblins. The ones in Britain were wiped out, but goblins are still part of the Fey realms.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Goblins are nasty and evil, aren\rquote t they?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote By human standards they are ugly, clannish and ruthless. Not that different from the rest of the Fey, really, but Goblins have kings, not queens, they\rquote re not very clean, and they eat non Fey people. They are also terrifying in battle. Oh, and their magic is not as good as most Sidhe. In fact, the Sidhe rule all the other Fey because their magic is more powerful.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Is that mound typical of where they live?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Traditionally, the Sidhe build mounds. Some other races copied them. Elves tend to live above the ground in trees, or houses built from wood or stone. We\rquote ve learned from humans, we copy some of their technology. Humans originally copied the Sidhe, but without magic, digging was troublesome, so they worked out how to build above ground. George and I have talked about this in the past. Races with magic don\rquote t invent technology because they use magic to make their existence comfortable. Sidhe mounds don\rquote t have running water because they can use magic to put water in a bowl.\rdblquote  She grinned. \ldblquote Fey society and culture hasn\rquote t changed much since the early human bronze age, except they\rquote ve copied a few things from humans, like weapons.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Some of the high Sidhe still wear bronze swords.\rdblquote  the baron remarked. \ldblquote I\rquote ve heard they don\rquote t like iron.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Iron interferes with Fey magic.\rdblquote  Melody replied. \ldblquote I\rquote m not sure why. But a suit of steel armour can protect a human from magic. I notice iron around me when I am in England. I can feel when I\rquote m in a bus or train.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What about silver?\rdblquote  George continued. \ldblquote One of the Sidhe laughed at my silver blade.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Silver can harm vampires and werewolves,\rdblquote  the baron said, \ldblquote but it has no effect on the Fey.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The iron axe would have been a better threat. In fact, there\rquote s magic in it.\rdblquote  Melody held her hand toward the blade. \ldblquote Whatever that is, it\rquote s a dark and terrible magic.\rdblquote  She shuddered. \ldblquote Where did you get it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It belonged to Fafnir Bloodaxe.\rdblquote  the baron observed. \ldblquote He used to brag about it having magical properties.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I took it from Fafnir, then killed him with it. Ordinary silver weapons had no effect on him.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hah!\rdblquote  the baron exclaimed. \ldblquote He would brag that no weapon could harm him. The tricky bastard.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Before he died, he told me that the axe was the only thing that could kill him.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote There\rquote s magic in it that can kill any Sidhe.\rdblquote  Fleur said. \ldblquote I had to shield George against it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I thought you\rquote d done something.\rdblquote  George replied. \ldblquote Thanks.\rdblquote\par
Melody shook her head, a look of wonder on her face. \ldblquote Every now and then you do something that surprises me, Fleur. I don\rquote t know how to shield against that. There\rquote s magic there to cleave any shield, and break any magical defence.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What beats me,\rdblquote  George remarked, \ldblquote is why Fafnir would carry around the only weapon that could kill him.\rdblquote\par
Melody laughed softly. \ldblquote It\rquote s the safest place. Anyone wants to kill you with it, they have to take it from you. If it were hidden away, someone could steal it, and the first you know is when they try to kill you with it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Then we need to decide what to do with it. We can\rquote t just leave it lying around somewhere.\rdblquote  George said.\par
\ldblquote Yes. I\rquote m not sure I want to take it home with us. But you should keep it with you for now.\rdblquote\par
\par
The palugs were still waiting at the edge of the forest. \ldblquote You succeeded!\rdblquote  Donall greeted them.\par
\ldblquote We knew you would.\rdblquote  Siobhan added. \par
\ldblquote What is the situation at the sithen?\rdblquote  Donall continued.\par
\ldblquote I left someone called Firebird in charge.\rdblquote  Fleur replied.\par
\ldblquote A very good choice.\rdblquote  Siobhan said. \ldblquote She\rquote s powerful, just, and friend to palugs.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We know her personally. \ldblquote Donall added. \ldblquote Was there any opposition?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The Sidhe in charge of the guards. He challenged me to a duel.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Was it to the death?\rdblquote  \par
\ldblquote Yes.\rdblquote  Fleur sounded tired.\par
\ldblquote Congratulations, milady. What would you have us do now?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Take us back to the gate, we will go home.\rdblquote\par
\par
On the way through the forest Melody introduced herself to Donall and Siobhan as Fleur\rquote s mother.\par
Donall asked quietly, \ldblquote Do you know what you daughter intends for us?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote She\rquote s your mistress, isn\rquote t she?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, she killed the Morrigan, who was our mistress.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Then she can contact you when she needs you, and you can contact her when you need?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, we can contact each other.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Then she will leave you alone unless she needs you; which may not be that often.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I think that would suit us. We will invite her to attend our major festivals. You and your husband will be welcome as well.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Thank you.\rdblquote  They weren\rquote t married, they didn\rquote t even sleep together, but Melody didn\rquote t correct Donall. If George weren\rquote t a vampire, things would be different. But, if he were merely human, she would not bed him either.  \par
\par
The bade farewell to the palugs at the portal. Fleur activated it and their party slipped through. Donall and Siobhan accompanied them. \ldblquote Mistress, if you need us,\rdblquote  Siobhan said, \ldblquote call me or Donall mind to mind. If you want us to come here, you must open the portal for us; we lack the power to do so.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Thank you for your help. If you need us, call me mind to mind.\rdblquote  Fleur hugged the other woman.\par
Siobhan turned the the baron. \ldblquote Baron, let there be peace between us. What you did to me was at the bidding of our old mistress. Let that die as our old mistress died.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I wish you well.\rdblquote  the baron replied. \ldblquote You would have done as your mistress ordered, just as I did.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, that is truth. We must go.\rdblquote  She turned and led Donall through the shimmery curtain and into the Faerie realm. When they vanished, Fleur closed the portal.\par
She led them towards the road, where they\rquote d parked George\rquote s car.\par
\par
$$ - This could be the end of the story\par
\par
\b Chapter - The Baron and Larissa\par
\b0\par
 \ldblquote Well,  baron, I\rquote ve been thinking.\rdblquote  Larissa began, as they walked through the woods. \ldblquote If Siobhan can forgive you, I think I should do the same.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s good of you. I can assure you that I\rquote m a different person as a free man. I\rquote m not sure what I can do to make it up to you though.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m sure I will think of something.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Larissa, do you have any family?\rdblquote  Melody asked directly.\par
\ldblquote My mother - she\rquote s Russian, and my little brother - he\rquote s training to be a doctor, he has a wife and little girl. My father\rquote s dead, he was much older than my mother, he died about six years ago.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Did you get on with him?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Sort of, when I was little. He was old enough to be my grandfather. I used to think he was stupid for marrying my mother. Some dating agency arranged for Russian women to marry old men in Britain. This was before the internet.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Everybody suffers when they are lonely.\rdblquote  Melody continued. \ldblquote Don\rquote t be too hard on either of them. She wanted out of a life of poverty, marrying an old man from the west was the way to do that. He wanted company. Did he have any children from a previous marriage?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Two, they\rquote re as old as my mum. I haven\rquote t seen them in years, not since the funeral.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Did your mother stay with your father? Was she good to him?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, and no. They argued a lot, and I know she had affairs. I hated her for that. He must have known, but he turned a blind eye to it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote She was young, she had needs, he was too old to satisfy her. Now that you are dead, you should be able to find him in the realm of the dead. If you picture him as he was when you were little, you should be able to find him. In fact, you should be able to find anyone you liked who\rquote s dead.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I hadn\rquote t thought of that. All my friends are still alive. I never had many friends, but now I\rquote m dead I don\rquote t have any. Only George.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, now you know the rest of us. But the living don\rquote t have a lot of time to spend with the dead. You should track down people you knew who have died, like your father.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I have a lot to do with the spirits of the dead.\rdblquote  Baron Samedi remarked. \ldblquote You can always hang out with me, love.\rdblquote  He sounded jocular.\par
\ldblquote As if!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I didn\rquote t rape you and I didn\rquote t cut you up. If you get bored, come visit. I\rquote m sure I can show you a good time.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You wish.\rdblquote  Larissa seemed to be enjoying the banter.\par
\par
They squeezed five into George\rquote s late model Toyota. Larissa seemed to sit in the back between Fleur and the Baron. It might have been cramped if she\rquote d possessed a physical body.\par
Melody exchanged their home phone number with the baron, then they dropped him off at his house. It backed onto a small wooded area. \par
\ldblquote Another vampire with a house near woods.\rdblquote  Melody remarked. \ldblquote There\rquote s hope for you yet.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, I grew up in a small village, I still prefer to be near nature.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote A lot of the older vampires are like that.\rdblquote  George added. \ldblquote Even if they were born in a city, three hundred years ago most cities were still small.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Most people walked everywhere,\rdblquote  the baron added, \ldblquote cities had to be compact. Nature was all around. Nowadays cities are sterile, big. Too many places in London you don\rquote t see a tree.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But as an old city, it\rquote s still compact, and it still has parks and gardens.\rdblquote  Melody said. \ldblquote I don\rquote t mind London.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How long have you been here?\rdblquote  the baron asked.\par
\ldblquote Longer than George, I arrived here in the 1820s, though I left for the Americas in the 1850s, and returned via Europe in 1881.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve been here longer, another fifteen years or so. It\rquote s grown quite a bit. I hope I\rquote ll see all of you again.\rdblquote  He opened the car door and slid out.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m sure you will, baron.\rdblquote  George replied.\par
\ldblquote We\rquote ll be in touch.\rdblquote  Melody called out.\ldblquote Don\rquote t lose our phone number.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Do you think he can change?\rdblquote  Larissa asked as they drove away.\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s no longer controlled by Fafnir.\rdblquote  George replied. \ldblquote He will be different, though two hundred years of slavery may take time to wear off.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We will keep an eye on him.\rdblquote  Melody said. \ldblquote That\rquote s why I exchanged phone numbers.  But we can\rquote t just drop in on him. That\rquote s where you come in, Larissa. You can drop in on him anywhere, anytime. If you see anything odd you can tell us immediately.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I guess you\rquote re right. It gives me something to do. I\rquote m getting a bit bored with being dead.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I thought you might be. When we go to sleep, I\rquote ll take you on a journey to the realm of the dead. You\rquote ll be able to talk with others about your situation, have a look around, and find your own way there later.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Can you do that?\rdblquote\par
Melody smiled. \ldblquote You\rquote ve met George in his dreams. Fleur and I are lucid dreamers, we are aware and we control our dreams. George still has to learn this skill. We can show you around. There\rquote s lots to see and do if you have the time.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Thank you. That will be great.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Do I get included?\rdblquote  George asked.\par
\ldblquote If you like. I\rquote m not sure how much you will remember though.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote If I gave him some energy,\rdblquote  Fleur said, \ldblquote that should work.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes. But George has his own energy that he has to learn to use. Larissa, how did George seem when you met him in dreaming?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote About the same as normal. But he did get confused easily, and he couldn\rquote t remember much when he woke up.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Have you met many other people there?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve seen people, but I haven\rquote t really talked to anyone else.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, being dead without the proper training can be quite daunting.\rdblquote  Melody continued with a smile. \ldblquote If no one comes to collect you, you have no idea what to do or where to go. You\rquote re lucky George was there.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, I agree. He was the only person I could talk with. Until I met you guys. I mean, the baron\rquote s spirits weren\rquote t friendly and they weren\rquote t talkative. No human knows much about the afterlife, why do you know about the afterlife?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Because we can visit it.\rdblquote  Fleur exclaimed.\par
\ldblquote We can see and talk with spirits, we can get our information directly from them.\rdblquote  Melody added. \ldblquote We have magic, and we are trained in magic. Part of that training is to visit the spirit realms. Some of those are where the spirits of the dead go. Dreamers can also visit with the dead, and the others, the neverborn.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Neverborn? What are they?\rdblquote  Larissa asked.\par
\ldblquote Not all spirits have ever had a physical body, many never will. We refer to them by a term that translates as neverborn. Many of them are quite alien to us, but some are interested in communicating with us. I was trained to visit the spirit realms, I am training Fleur, and I am trying to train George, though so far I have had limited success with him.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote She tells me I don\rquote t bring enough energy with me. I can\rquote t control things, I am easily distracted, and I have trouble remembering when I wake up.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He is improving, but he still has a way to go. Perhaps Larissa, you can provide him some extra incentive.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He told me to stay out of his dreams.\rdblquote  Larissa protested.\par
\ldblquote That was only because you lacked experience, and he went into a nightmare about his wife. Her spirit is around somewhere, she might even be in the flesh. One day he will find her in his dreams, and then one day he will find her in the flesh. And perhaps she will recognise him.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Part of me would like that, but I know she would be horrified at what I have become.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That was the wife you knew back in Greece, when you were young. She will be different now.\rdblquote  Melody said gently. \ldblquote When you do find her, don\rquote t expect her to want to marry you.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, if I find her, I\rquote ll have to get to know her again.\rdblquote  He grinned suddenly. \ldblquote Are you just a touch jealous, Melody?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Maybe yes, maybe no.\rdblquote  she grinned back. \ldblquote The three of us are family, she will no longer be the person you remember. I think you may be disappointed when you finally meet her. But no, I\rquote m not jealous.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well that\rquote s good to hear, I\rquote m happy to have a family who aren\rquote t vampires. You know how I feel about you.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, George, we know you love us, but you\rquote re old fashioned and have trouble saying it. And you know we both love you.\rdblquote\par
George was quiet for a time. Melody was about to say something when George spoke quietly. \ldblquote I nearly lost you today. I don\rquote t know what I would have done.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And I could have lost you.\rdblquote  Melody put her hand on George\rquote s shoulder. \ldblquote I would be very upset. But everything dies, your spirit will live on. You know something? If you die, I will find you, wherever you are, I will find you.\rdblquote  Melody was surprised to hear her voice break, and then she wiped her eyes. George felt his skin prickle with the power of her promise.\par
\ldblquote We\rquote ll find him, Mels. I can find George anywhere.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Maybe not.\rdblquote  George replied sardonically. \ldblquote I\rquote m a vampire, I\rquote m damned. You can\rquote t follow me there.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The Morrigan followed Fafnir. I know I can follow you. I saw what she did.\rdblquote  Fleur said into the silence.\par
Melody found her voice again. \ldblquote George, there are times when I wish you were an elf and not a vampire. I don\rquote t believe you\rquote re damned. But if you do end up in some kind of hell, I will still find you, and come for you, and bust you out.\rdblquote  There was power in that promise, all three of them felt it.\par
George nodded, unsure what to say. \ldblquote Uh, thanks.\rdblquote\par
Larissa sat looking at them. \ldblquote George, do you seriously believe in hell?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Uh, yes. Why?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why would you think you\rquote re damned?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, you\rquote re dead. You\rquote re still here. But when vampires die, some dark spirit takes them away. Fleur,  you watched Fafnir die. What do you think happened to his spirit?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Something took him and Naimh away. It felt like a wind, a dark wind. I don\rquote t know what it was though. I just know I could follow.\rdblquote  \par
\ldblquote You see, Melody, Larissa, vampires are damned when they die.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Something takes their spirit away, that\rquote s all.\rdblquote  Melody replied. \ldblquote We\rquote ll look into it further. We don\rquote t intend for that to happen to you, George. As I said, if you die, I will come looking for you. Fleur will help. We will find you, and we will rescue if that is necessary.\rdblquote\par
\par
$$\par
\par
\b Chapter - At Home\par
\b0 George\rquote s home was an old, brick home, compact, but two story, in a quiet, tree lined cul-de-sac. There was a tongue of woodland nearby that led to farmlands, villages, and more wooded areas.\par
There were four bedrooms plus an attic where George hid his captured weapons. One bedroom was George\rquote s, one Melody\rquote s, and one Fleur\rquote s.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t you sleep together?\rdblquote  Larissa asked.\par
\ldblquote No, she said she won\rquote t sleep with a vampire.\rdblquote  George thought he\rquote d already told her that.\par
\ldblquote Why not?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote d best ask Melody.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You poor thing! I\rquote d sleep with you if I was alive.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, thanks, I\rquote d sleep with you, Larissa.\rdblquote  George felt safe promising that. He didn\rquote t want to tell her that every time he had sex with someone he felt he was betraying Ana. \ldblquote But I don\rquote t want to talk now, it\rquote s late, and I have to work tomorrow.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote All right, good night George.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Good night.\rdblquote  \par
Larissa debated whether to stay in George\rquote s room, and wait for him to fall asleep, or try Melody\rquote s room. She decided to look in on Melody, and drifted through the wall into her room. There was a shimmery network of lines about Melody\rquote s bed, and Larissa was disinclined to stay there. Melody seemed to be asleep.\par
Larissa decided to look in on Fleur. There was a spirit like a flickering blue flame hovering near Fleur\rquote s sleeping body. \ldblquote You should leave.\rdblquote  the spirit said to her. \par
Larissa looked at the spirit. \ldblquote Why?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I guard her sleep. You must go.\rdblquote  The spirit moved towards her, and she left.\par
Should she go back into George\rquote s room, or try to find the girls in the spirit world? She knew little about it, except for the time when the baron\rquote s spirits had taken her there, and even then, she hadn\rquote t seen much. All right then, Melody. Not her physical body, but her spirit.\par
Her surroundings blurred, and a moment later she was floating near tables and chairs somewhere outdoors. She took stock. A wide, cobbled street ran off into the distance, thronged with people. To her right were tables and chairs, with people sitting, eating and drinking, talking. Behind the tables were low, old fashioned buildings with wide doorways, caf\'e9s she realised. Hundreds, running off into the distance. There must be thousands upon thousands of people here.\par
To her left were magnificent gardens full of brightly coloured flowers she didn\rquote t recognise, but filling the air with a heady scent. That made her realise this was the first time she\rquote d smelled anything since she\rquote d died. Off in the distance, beyond the gardens, were old fashioned stone buildings, with ornate carvings, gargoyles on their roofs, and even more people thronging their grounds. This place was huge!\par
Larissa was floating there, feeling a little lost, when she noticed someone at a nearby table was standing waving at her. She recognised Fleur, and then Melody. She formed the thought to make her way over to them, and she was abruptly there.\par
\ldblquote Where are we?\rdblquote  Larissa sat in a vacant chair.\par
\ldblquote Welcome to the afterlife.\rdblquote  Melody said with a smile. \ldblquote We were wondering when you\rquote d get here.\rdblquote\par
Close up, Fleur looked much as she did in waking - a human female about eighteen or nineteen. Melody on the other hand, looked less human, more elfin. There was a maturity to her face that Fleur lacked.\par
\ldblquote So where are we? It all feels so real. I can even smell the flowers.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And taste the tea.\rdblquote  Fleur added. A black and white clad waiter appeared.\par
\ldblquote Erm, can I have Turkish coffee? That\rquote s what my mum used to make. George reminded me yesterday. I think it was yesterday.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You can order whatever you like.\rdblquote  the waiter replied.\par
Larissa ordered, the waiter left. \ldblquote Erm, I don\rquote t have any money. How do I pay for it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You don\rquote t need money here.\rdblquote  Melody replied. \ldblquote No one needs to eat or drink, you could create your Turkish coffee yourself. Except most people find it more fun to order in a caf\'e9.\rdblquote  \par
The waiter returned with Larissa\rquote s order, and left again. \ldblquote Before I forget, I wanted to ask you something personal, Melody.\rdblquote  Melody nodded. Larissa continued \ldblquote You said you were George\rquote s wife, but you don\rquote t sleep with him.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No.\rdblquote  Melody smiled, but there was a wistful quality to it.\par
\ldblquote I know you love him, and I know he loves you...\rdblquote  her voice petered out.\par
Fleur was giving her a hard look, Melody managed a sad smile. \ldblquote Yes.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Of course they love each other,\rdblquote  Fleur commented, \ldblquote but that doesn\rquote t mean they have to sleep together, does it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It doesn\rquote t.\rdblquote  Melody replied, \ldblquote Sometimes circumstances don\rquote t permit it.\rdblquote  Melody smiled again, regaining her composure. \ldblquote I want to have sex with him, but he is a vampire, quite a powerful one, you may have noticed. Vampire powers are dangerous to the Fey, they can drain us as they can humans. But sex is also an exchange of energies, a balancing of male and female energies. Exchanging energies with George would make me ill, could kill me, or turn me into a vampire. George knows this. And so we don\rquote t have sex.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, I didn\rquote t realise. George said to ask you.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote George and I exchange energies.\rdblquote  Fleur commented. \ldblquote Could he make me sick?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Do you sleep with him?\rdblquote  Larissa blurted out.\par
\ldblquote No, he\rquote s my father.\rdblquote  Fleur glared. \ldblquote We touch the palms of our hands; I give him some of my energy, he gives me some of his.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Fleur, you are immune to magic. His power passes through you, and into mother earth, where it is neutralised. You draw power from mother earth, and feed George\rquote s hunger. I hope, perhaps it is a forlorn hope, that one day Fleur will drain his vampire powers completely, and replace them with her own powers, and he will cease to be a vampire, but still remain a magical being.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh Mels, I\rquote m so sorry. I don\rquote t know how to do that.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s all right, Fleur. Some things can\rquote t be changed. I will keep searching for a way to change him. We\rquote re still family, we still love each other.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Melody, please forgive me for raising this. It\rquote s none of my business, but I wish I could do something to help.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s all right, Larissa, no harm done. Now you know, you may be in a position to hear something that could help. Well, here we are in the afterlife. What do you think?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s huge, but that\rquote s to be expected. But it\rquote s not what I expected. I was thinking more like fluffy white clouds and angels with harps.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m sure that\rquote s around somewhere, but it sounds pretty boring.\rdblquote  Melody smiled. \ldblquote Pretty much every afterlife humans or Fey have invented is out there somewhere. This one is one of the better ones, where you can learn things, rather than repeat the same day over and over.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What about heaven and hell, and judgment day?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They\rquote re all just places people have invented. We should probably take you to visit some of them, but they are not all pleasant.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ve seen a few then?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote When I was training, my mentor took me to a few of the afterlife realms, and I\rquote ve visited more since. I\rquote ve shown Fleur some of them. This is one of the human ones, I like it, I keep coming back.\rdblquote\par
Larissa was nodding, looking around. \ldblquote Do elves have their own?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, we\rquote ll visit them sometime. Different types of Fey have their own concepts of the afterlife, and so they have different realms. You\rquote ll find elves and other Fey here, especially if they have lived with humans.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Are all these people dead?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Most, but not all. First lesson.\rdblquote  Melody smiled. \ldblquote Fleur and I are alive, by which I mean we have physical bodies we\rquote re still attached to. You\rquote re also alive, but you no longer have a physical body. Can you tell that we still have physical bodies?\rdblquote\par
Larissa was puzzled for a few moments. She looked at Fleur and Melody, then at those around her. Melody\rquote s hands seemed to be indicating something, and it took her a while to realise what it was. \ldblquote There\rquote s some sort of silvery line coming out of your body, and Fleur\rquote s. That man over there has something similar, but no one else that I can see. Of course! That\rquote s what George told me when he rescued me. I died in his arms, he gave my body to the ambulance crew, they revived me. He told me that as long as I had that cord, my body was alive somewhere.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s called the silver cord, and it tethers a spirit to a physical body. Anyone here with a silver cord is dreaming they\rquote re here. Most of the others are like you, people who have died. But there are a couple of other types. The first is a construct, it isn\rquote t really alive. The waiters are mostly constructs.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Erm, do you mean like a robot?\rdblquote\par
Melody looked surprised. \ldblquote I hadn\rquote t thought of that, but you could be right. Everything about us, the tables and chairs, your coffee, the buildings and grounds, it\rquote s all constructed from people\rquote s thoughts. We elves call them thought forms. I know you created a lounge chair, and breakfast, George told me, so you know what I mean. When one person creates a thought form, there\rquote s not much power behind it, and it will fade, and other people can change it. Everybody who\rquote s here gives a little of their power to the thought forms around them, making them very strong. This place has been here for thousands of years now.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Wow. Erm, how can you tell if someone is a thought form?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They haven\rquote t any energy.\rdblquote  Fleur replied. \par
\ldblquote I can\rquote t tell the difference.\rdblquote  Larissa replied.\par
\ldblquote That must be why you were born human. Fleur and I have always been able to see energy. I\rquote m not sure how to train you in that. Maybe humans can\rquote t tell the difference. We\rquote ll have to ask someone.\rdblquote  Melody appeared thoughtful. Then she nodded. \ldblquote What I was leading up to is there are other spirits, ones who have never had a physical body. They usually don\rquote t look human, and their energies are different from humans. You might not be able to tell, but there are several near that dreaming couple over there.\rdblquote\par
The couple on question was the Egyptian looking man she had noticed earlier and the African looking woman with him. He was dressed in a pale yellow suit and lavender shirt. She was dressed in white, but with zigzag splashes of red, green, and blue. His hair was dark, and curly, hers was a vivid shade of red, piled on top of her head in a bun, but extending beyond that as a high pony tail. With them was a bluish, flickering, flame like being.\par
\ldblquote You mean that blue thing?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That, and the two that look like Greek columns behind them.\rdblquote\par
Larissa looked carefully. \ldblquote If you say so. They look like part of the furniture to me.\rdblquote\par
The man had noticed them looking at him. He said something to his companion, then smiled and beckoned them over.\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s seen us! What do we do?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We go over and say hello.\rdblquote  Fleur replied.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s accepted here for strangers to introduce themselves.\rdblquote  Melody replied. \ldblquote Drink up, we go over and talk to them.\rdblquote\par
Melody and Fleur floated over, Larissa walked. Melody introduced them, adding \ldblquote Larissa is recently deceased. We\rquote re showing her around. I hope you don\rquote t mind us approaching you.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Of course not.\rdblquote  the man affirmed. \ldblquote There are many things to see and do, and many skills to learn; many things to occupy a spirit. I am Lukeios, this is my companion Elanor. And this,\rdblquote  he indicated the bluish flame, \ldblquote is Fire Horse, a fire djinn. Behind me are Chaos and Order, two of the primeval spirits. Did you two dreamers come upon Larissa\rquote s death?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, we met her after. No one collected her.\rdblquote  Melody replied.\par
Larissa found herself telling of her rape and mutilation, and George\rquote s rescue attempt. Of how he\rquote d kept her sane after she had died, and comforted her. That led to the story of his revenge. She finished with \ldblquote We only recently got home. Everyone else went to sleep, I went to look for them.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And I said we would show her around this realm.\rdblquote  Melody added. \ldblquote It seems one of the better places for her.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That it is.\rdblquote  Lukeios affirmed. \ldblquote The inhabitants are friendly, unlike the Fey realms.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They sound quite horrible.\rdblquote  Elanor added. \ldblquote Every tribe ruled by a despot, no laws, just the despot\rquote s whim.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s not quite that bad.\rdblquote  Melody replied. \ldblquote Europe was like that in medieval times, the Fey live very long lives, they change very slowly.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I suppose the tribes of Africa weren\rquote t much better once. But even Africa has moved on.\rdblquote  Suddenly Elanor laughed. \ldblquote I guess we\rquote re still talking generations. I don\rquote t know a lot about the Fey, how long can they live?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They claim they\rquote re immortal - they can die, but they don\rquote t seem to grow old. I know some of the Seelie and Unseelie court elders are at least ten thousand years old. The tribal chieftain is now called a queen or king, there\rquote s traditions stretching back thousands of years, and what you\rquote d call human rights doesn\rquote t exist, not even as a concept.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote All civilisations pass through the tribal stage,\rdblquote  Lukeios remarked. \ldblquote Most shadows are still at that stage. Shorter lived people develop civilised concepts faster. As the Fey have more contact with humans, they will change. Even amongst humans, human rights is a modern concept, scarcely a hundred years old. We will all need patience though, that process could take hundreds of years. You elves will fare better amongst humans.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I live among humans because I am safer there, and happier.\rdblquote  Melody said.\par
\ldblquote You and George raised me.\rdblquote  Fleur commented. \ldblquote I\rquote m happy there, I wouldn\rquote t want to live in the Fey realms, from what I\rquote ve seen of them.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It is good of you to offer to show Larissa around.\rdblquote  Lukeios remarked.\par
\ldblquote We elves are in a position to help her.\rdblquote  Melody replied. \ldblquote But she can\rquote t see energies, she cannot tell a thought form of a human from a spirit. I don\rquote t know how to teach her that.\rdblquote  Melody said.\par
\ldblquote Ah, Elanor, you should be able to help there.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote There is a simple method for human spirits to see other spirits as energy.\rdblquote  Elanor managed to look motherly. \ldblquote Point the little finger of your right hand at a spirit, and command it to reveal its true nature. Like this.\rdblquote  Elanor pointed at Fleur. \ldblquote Reveal your true nature.\rdblquote\par
Fleur briefly became a shimmering blue flame, similar to Fire Horse, then she reverted to human form. \ldblquote Definitely non human energy.\rdblquote  Elanor remarked. She performed a similar act on Melody, who turned into an egg of swirling colours. There were several silver threads running through the egg. \ldblquote Now you are human like, but those silver threads indicate you are some sort of elf. Larissa, your turn. Try on me.\rdblquote\par
Larissa pointed hesitantly at Elanor. \ldblquote Reveal your true nature.\rdblquote\par
Elanor became an egg shaped swirl of colours, but with twelve fixed balls of different colours spread evenly throughout the shape. Then she reverted. \ldblquote Human sorcerer.\rdblquote  Melody stated. \ldblquote Powerful.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Correct.\rdblquote  Elanor smiled. \ldblquote Now try Lukeios.\rdblquote\par
Lukeios became a silvery ball with rays coming out that made him resemble a star. \ldblquote Non human, but I don\rquote t recognise it.\rdblquote  Melody remarked. But she did - Lukeios was another spirit being, one of the so called stellar spirits.\par
\ldblquote No? But human enough, just like young Fleur.\rdblquote  Lukeios smiled. \ldblquote You should try the twin pillars, and a waiter.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Erm, all right.\rdblquote  Larissa pointed at the black and white pillars. The black pillar became a roiling blackness that seemed to suck in light about it, while the white pillar became hard, glossy white, glowing with light. Both retained their column shapes.\par
\ldblquote They didn\rquote t really change.\rdblquote  Larissa commented.\par
\ldblquote We never had physical bodies.\rdblquote  one of the pillars said, in a BBC announcer voice. \ldblquote We have no reason to pretend to be other than what we are.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Our energy becomes more obvious to the senses of humans.\rdblquote  This was almost a feminine voice. Somehow, Larissa knew it was Fire Horse.\par
\ldblquote What are you, then?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We three are spirits who have never been born.\rdblquote  the BBC announcer voice said. \ldblquote To explain, I must start at the beginning. The Dreamer dreamed the seven levels of creation...\rdblquote  \par
Lukeios interrupted with a laugh. \ldblquote This would be a very long answer; longer than our dreamers have tonight. Larissa, we can give you the long answer later, if you are interested. The shorter answer is that the Dreamer is like God the Creator. Among other things, God dreamed of the Archetypes, an infinite number of them. Each Archetype gives rise to a whole set of universes, an infinite number. The other archetypes don\rquote t concern us at present. Our archetype is duality - order and chaos, light and dark, perhaps good and evil. Our archetype may be said to dream the spirit realm, where we are now, and something called patterns. Each pattern is where the Spirit Realm engenders the Physical Realm. We say that each pattern casts shadows, each one a physical universe. Again, there is an infinite number of them for each pattern. One of those shadows is yours, where Melody, Fleur and George live, and you used to live. Melody and Fleur, you already know this and more.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, but it\rquote s all new to Larissa.\rdblquote  Fleur replied.\par
\ldblquote Larissa can ask the two of you questions later. Now comes the part you and Melody may not know. The Archetype sends part of itself into each shadow to observe. These are known as the twin pillars of creation, a pair of which you see here. They are observing, they are like the eyes of God the Creator, seeing what it has created. Since they are an extension of the archetype, they predate the patterns and their shadows. These spirits are older than your universe, and they have never had a physical body. Fire Horse, on the other hand, came into being some time later, after the spirit realm was dreamed into existence, something we call the Dreamtime. You may have questions, please feel free to ask.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Wow. Erm, I don\rquote t know where to start.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Think about it, and ask Melody later.\rdblquote  Elanor said. \ldblquote Try the waiter.\rdblquote\par
Larissa did. \ldblquote He didn\rquote t change.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, he is a construct. That\rquote s how you can tell.\rdblquote  Lukeios replied. \ldblquote That\rquote s as much of a lesson as you can handle in one bite. We will meet again sometime and we can delve further into the Creation and the Dreamtime then. Melody, Fleur, you also are welcome to seek us out when you feel ready for a lesson, though as dreamers, your time is limited. I think perhaps you should find George, and conduct your tour.\rdblquote\par
The three said their thanks, took their leave, and went in search of George.\par
Melody was thoughtful. Fleur was an incarnate fire djinn, which explained much, and left many more mysteries and questions. Djinn weren\rquote t supposed to have physical bodies. They were scary powerful, something even gods and demons were said to fear. Meeting the female sorcerer and the four spirit beings could not be a coincidence. The fire djinn had to be so that Melody would realise what Fleur was. Fleur would not be aware of what her spirit was, any more than anyone could see their own backs. The sorcerer was extremely powerful, but the spirits with her were more powerful again. The twin pillars of creation were the stuff of legend, from before the creation of the universe. It was almost as if the archetype, ancient creator of everything, was taking a personal interest in her and Fleur. She wasn\rquote t sure she was happy about that. And then there was Lukeios, a star like spirit. The Fey had legends about that, from the time called the Dreamtime, where real gods, elder gods, dreams of the archetype itself, had created the Fey. According to the legends, the elder gods were star like spirits.\par
A powerful sorcerer, a fire djinn, the Eyes of the Archetype, and an elder god had all suddenly taken an interest in Melody and Fleur, and possibly Larissa. This was not a development to be happy about.\par
\par
$$\par
\par
\b Chapter - Breakfast\par
\b0\ldblquote I\rquote m comfortable visiting the realm of the dead,\rdblquote  George remarked, \ldblquote it\rquote s a lot like being alive. It\rquote s a good place for Larissa to hang out while she waits to reincarnate.\rdblquote\par
The four of them were sitting around the small kitchen table, eating breakfast, and reminding George of what had transpired in their shared dream. Larissa appeared to be seated in the fourth chair, eating buttered toast with marmalade, and sipping Greek coffee.\par
\ldblquote Except the only people I know who are friendly are you guys.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We\rquote re happy for you to visit us,\rdblquote  Melody replied, \ldblquote but don\rquote t spend all your time with us, there\rquote s a danger you\rquote ll turn into a ghost and be stuck here for centuries. You don\rquote t want that.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Erm, no, I guess not.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We know a few people in the realm of the dead,\rdblquote  Fleur added, \ldblquote and we\rquote ve started introducing you to them. There\rquote s also friendly people like Elanor and Lukeios. You can always find people you know if you focus on them. We\rquote re not trying to get rid of you,\rdblquote  she smiled, \ldblquote we have things to do, we can\rquote t be with you twenty four seven.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I understand. As I get to know people in the afterlife I\rquote ll spend less time with you people. But right now I feel lost, alone, and you people are still alive, and being with you makes me feel more, uh, alive.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We won\rquote t let you be stuck here as a ghost,\rdblquote  Melody commented, \ldblquote but that\rquote s how it starts. Don\rquote t worry, Larissa, we\rquote ll look after you. It isn\rquote t so much the afterlife as an afterlife. The spirit world contains many abodes of the dead, all different. That\rquote s why we Fey call it the Realm of the Dead. I\rquote ll show you the places I know, but we can only spend a limited amount of time there each night.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I understand, I really do. And I\rquote m grateful, I really am. George kept me sane after I died.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You showed us something you called a pattern.\rdblquote  George remarked. \ldblquote What was it? it looked like some kind of cosmic mandala.\rdblquote  \par
\ldblquote It\rquote s a long story, George, and you won\rquote t understand much because you can\rquote t perceive shadows.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But you\rquote ve taken me for walks in various shadows, I have some idea what they are.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t. It sounds terribly mysterious.\rdblquote  Larissa put in.\par
\ldblquote They\rquote re something like parallel worlds.\rdblquote  George started explaining. \ldblquote Some are similar to here, most are different. Fleur and Melody can use magic to travel between them.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s very short and inaccurate,\rdblquote  Melody countered, \ldblquote but it\rquote s a starting point. The pattern is something created, or dreamed, by the archetype. The pattern itself casts physical shadows, each one a parallel world, each one a variation on the theme that is the pattern. Within that there\rquote s the human realm, and the Fey realm. Without the pattern, our physical world would not exist. We are currently in one shadow cast by the pattern.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote All right, we\rquote ve seen the pattern last night. But your explanation doesn\rquote t make much more sense than mine.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, in the spirit realm, where we were last night, you can see what I\rquote m saying. Larissa?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, erm, yes. You showed us the primal shadow, and then several of the secondary shadows. They were similar, but not identical. Does that mean there\rquote s a version of me in each of the shadows? And all of us?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No.\rdblquote  Melody shook her head. \ldblquote Each of our souls has but one body. You might be able to find similar shadows, with people that resemble us, but they aren\rquote t us. Of course, there is an infinite number of shadows, you can find shadows where Hitler won world war two, or president Kennedy survived the assassination attempt, and so on.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How does that work, then?\rdblquote  Larissa asked. \ldblquote Doesn\rquote t that mean there were two Hitlers?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, but their souls were different, they made different choices. They were different people.\rdblquote  Melody replied. \ldblquote George read somewhere that some scientists have a theory that every time someone made a decision, parallel words forked off for each possibly, but that isn't how it works. There is an infinite number, so it is possible to find worlds where someone made a different choice. They didn\rquote t fork off any other shadow, they always existed as separate worlds. Don\rquote t ask me to explain that, I don\rquote t know why, only that\rquote s how it is.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The pattern creates the physical world then?\rdblquote  Larissa asked. \ldblquote Where we are now?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Creates isn\rquote t the right word, though. It implies you could disconnect the pattern and the shadows would continue. It\rquote s better to say generates, just like our physical bodies generate our shadow when the sun shines. We move our bodies and our shadow changes; if the pattern somehow changes, then all the shadows it generates would change. That\rquote s why we call them shadows.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote All right, at least that makes sense. But you need light to make shadows of things, is there something like light that casts the shadows?\rdblquote\par
Melody laughed. \ldblquote I asked that when I first heard the explanation. My aunt told me the light was the mind of the Dreamer, the mind of God the Creator. If you want a better explanation, you might chase up that sorcerer we met, or her companion Lukeios. They said they could explain things.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll keep that in mind. How do you travel between shadows?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How do you travel between here and the spirit world?\rdblquote  Melody asked. \par
\ldblquote Oh, I just think about where I want to be, and I\rquote m there.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We do much the same. We think about where we want to be, and we can sense that place and the shadows we have to cross to arrive there. Then we use our magic to move into a shadow on the way, and keep changing shadows until we reach our destination.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote When we stashed the Baron,\rdblquote  George commented, \ldblquote Fleur went to a nearby shadow with him. You\rquote ve taken me to the Faerie realm the same way. But when we went to rescue you, the palugs said we had to use a portal or gate. They showed us where it was, and Fleur opened it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We had to do it that way because I couldn\rquote t get a fix on Melody.\rdblquote  Fleur replied.\par
\ldblquote But the palugs knew about the gateway, and implied that was what everyone used to move between our, erm, shadow, and the Fey one.\rdblquote  George countered. \ldblquote Why have the gateway in the first place?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Not all Fey can shadow walk. It takes a fair amount of power and skill to be able to. Fleur is still learning.\rdblquote  Melody smiled. \ldblquote Gates were set up a long time ago to facilitate passing between shadows. Usually a powerful Fey will open the gate, and close it again when they\rquote re finished. \par
\ldblquote There\rquote s a second reason as Fleur found out. Powerful Fey can shadow walk, but other Fey don\rquote t want shadow walkers arriving inside their homes. Just as you ward your house to prevent people breaking in, an experienced shadow walker can block other shadow walkers.\par
\ldblquote That means you have to contact whoever set up the block to ask them to bring you through. You\rquote d do that mind to mind. The person you contacted would open a portal to let you in, rather than remove the wards.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How many portals are there?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s a very good question.\rdblquote  Melody appeared to be counting in her head. \ldblquote I can think of seventeen around London, connecting with five different Fey shadows; there are more dotted around the countryside. They\rquote re all public ones. I don\rquote t use them, I don\rquote t go to closed shadows, only ones to which I can walk through shadow. I didn\rquote t know about the one we came back through. There could be hundreds or thousands of private portals as well, that people open for their own use.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We used the public gate near Tower Bridge.\rdblquote  Fleur commented. \ldblquote And the one near the old docks.\rdblquote  \par
\ldblquote That was to visit two of the closed shadows, when I introduced you at the Seelie and Unseelie courts there. I thought you should know something about the courts.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They seemed quite primitive. Full of magic, and full of arrogant Fey who thought they were better than anyone else. Not much different from where we rescued you. I don't need to go back to places like that. Some of the magical entertainments were pretty, though.\rdblquote  Fleur said.\par
\ldblquote As a Fey, you needed to know that such places exist. You\rquote re right, most of their civilisations and cultures correspond with bronze age humans; they never moved on because they used magic, not technology. And we\rquote re both too human looking for the Sidhe. They prefer the golden skinned, ethereal look.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And four arms?\rdblquote  George asked.\par
\ldblquote No, Sidhe have only two arms. They\rquote re tall and skinny. The Seelie Sidhe have golden skin and ruby red hair, the Unseelie Sidhe are any Sidhe who don\rquote t look like that. Though different shadows have different versions of the look that defines Seelie Sidhe.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Sounds to me like they\rquote re racially prejudiced.\rdblquote  George snorted.\par
\ldblquote And arrogant, and given to believing they\rquote re gods. Humans worshipped them once, because they could do things humans couldn\rquote t. But they didn\rquote t behave any better than the primitive humans they despised; and humans moved on. The Sidhe still behave like medieval barons.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why did they break your bones?\rdblquote  Larissa asked.\par
\ldblquote Because they could. Because it would cause me pain. Because when they healed crookedly, I wouldn\rquote t be able to walk or feed myself. Because doing all that would give them pleasure.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They\rquote re sick!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And they were once humanity\rquote s gods, and they wish they still were. Fleur and I are Fey, but we\rquote re not Sidhe. The Fey in the Fey realms still have too much of Sidhe culture; most of them aspire to be Sidhe. That\rquote s why some Fey live among humans, that's why I'm here, and that\rquote s why I want Fleur to learn human culture. She\rquote s a better person for it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You sound bitter, Melody.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m happy here with Fleur and George, but each of us has suffered, each of us has lost those we love. In my case, the Sidhe were responsible.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Did they kill your parents?\rdblquote  Fleur asked. \ldblquote I know you were brought up by your aunt.\rdblquote\par
Melody looked wistful. \ldblquote I was five. Raiders came and sacked the town. My aunt told me they were Sidhe warriors, none of our magic could stand up to theirs. I remember our house exploded; my father was blown to pieces. I saw that ...\rdblquote  She paused. \ldblquote I screamed, my mother grabbed me and we fled. Tall, glowing warriors chased us, caught us. They were tall and slender, golden skin, and I mean skin like precious metal, glowing with magical light, glowing with power, long red hair that glowed like spun rubies in the sun, slanted eyes that were multi coloured - purple where the whites would be, glowing gold and green and blue in their irises, three concentric rings of different colours. They had white tunics, sky blue cloaks, and greenish plaid trousers.\rdblquote\par
Melody paused, looked at the others. \ldblquote They caught us, and they took me away from my mother. I know now that she was raped and slain, though my aunt only told me the Sidhe had killed her.\rdblquote\par
Larissa made sympathetic noises. \ldblquote Did they hurt you?\rdblquote\par
Melody continued, \ldblquote I don\rquote t know what they intended. I was put with other children, but then a flock of blood red ravens attacked our guards, and we fled. One of the ravens flew after me, told me to follow it. It led me into the forest, and to my aunt\rquote s place. That was in a different shadow, I don\rquote t know how a raven could shift shadows, unless it was a Fey shape shifter. My aunt and her husband said they did not see the raven, and they knew nothing of it.\rdblquote\par
George touched Melody tenderly. \ldblquote You don\rquote t have to say anymore.\rdblquote\par
Melody managed a sad smile. \ldblquote I think perhaps I should. Fleur doesn\rquote t know this. And it might help Larissa.\rdblquote  She took a mouthful of tea, swallowed, smiled, and composed herself. \ldblquote About sixty years went by. I married, moved to a town, had three children. Then one day Sidhe warriors came to sack the town. My two sons were adults, and long gone from my home. My husband grabbed our three year old daughter and fled, leaving me to fend for myself. I don\rquote t blame him, I told him to flee with her and I would follow.\rdblquote\par
Melody drank more tea, her mouth was dry. \ldblquote He escaped, they caught me. There was no red raven this time, and for three days I was their plaything. They raped and tortured and maimed, but they stopped short of killing me.\rdblquote\par
Melody was squeezing George\rquote s hand, and staring off into the distance. Fleur hugged her wordlessly. \ldblquote Finally, my aunt came, in the form of a white dire wolf the size of a horse. She rescued me and made my husband carry me away...\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How did she get you away from your captors?\rdblquote  Larissa asked. \ldblquote What happened to your husband? And why a wolf?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote In that form she was emissary of Mor Rhiganu, a Celtic goddess. The real Morrigan, not some Sidhe pretending. Even the Sidhe demigods fear her - they gave her that name - Mor Rhiganu means the Queen of Terror. My husband contacted my aunt, she called on the goddess to help her. The goddess turned her into the wolf; she shadow walked to me even though the Sidhe had a block on shadow shifting. My aunt cast a spell Mor Rhiganu had given her and that stripped all the Sidhe in the area of their powers, and made them mortal. The Seelie Sidhe queen was furious, according to my aunt. But my aunt said Mor Rhiganu paid the Seelie queen a visit, and told her that the goddess had made the Sidhe, and the goddess would unmake them if they offended her.\par
\ldblquote The Sidhe were holding thirty four women and two young girls. My aunt healed us all, and set us free. I went to my aunt\rquote s place, where my daughter was safe and sound.\rdblquote  Melody looked directly at Larissa. \ldblquote I was off men for six or maybe eight months. My husband said he understood, but I didn\rquote t realise he could no longer have sex with me, something inside him had died that day. We\rquote re still friends, he helped raise our daughter, but he eventually found someone else, and they moved in together. I moved on, I healed, I moved to Britain, I took Fey lovers, I raised two more children, three if you count Fleur. I have lived among humans for so long that I can no longer abide the casual cruelty of the Fey, nor the utter arrogance of the Sidhe. They look on all non Sidhe the way many whites from the southern United States used to regard their black slaves. The females are good enough to rape, but they treat their farm animals better.\rdblquote\par
Larissa looked as if she were fighting back tears. \ldblquote You poor thing, I\rquote d hug you if I could.\rdblquote\par
Melody managed a wan smile. \ldblquote Give it a try, you look as if you could use it.\rdblquote\par
Larissa skirted the table and gingerly embraced Melody. \ldblquote I actually feel something, sort of tingly.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s my energies. You don\rquote t need to cry for me, Larissa, I'm over what happened. I was over it a long time ago. I\rquote ve had lovers and children since then. I have my family, I have a man who loves me very much,\rdblquote  she touched George\rquote s face. \ldblquote I just become a little emotional when I tell it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Maybe I\rquote m crying for me? Your experience is a little too close to mine, and mine\rquote s very recent. And you survived yours.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote In a way, you survived yours as well. You\rquote re still here, and you\rquote ll be reborn before too long.\rdblquote  Larissa nodded, but didn\rquote t say anything.\par
Fleur asked \ldblquote What happen to the Sidhe that Mor Rhiganu stripped of their powers?\rdblquote\par
Melody laughed blackly. \ldblquote Sidhe warriors who\rquote d lost their magic? Who were now mortal? Most of them died at the hands of the Fey they\rquote d oppressed. A few fled, but they\rquote d be long dead now.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote When did all this happen?\rdblquote  Fleur asked.\par
\ldblquote About one hundred and seventy years ago. But I think Mor Rhiganu\rquote s spell has continued to work. All the other Sidhe have been losing their powers since then, they are no more powerful than the non Sidhe Fey now. And all the Sidhe that I know in Britain and the Continent claim to be Unseelie Sidhe - mixed blood, between Seelie Sidhe and non Sidhe Fey. Even the few who look like Seelie Sidhe claim they\rquote re not.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I understand why you didn\rquote t tell me when I was young,\rdblquote  Fleur said, \ldblquote but you could have told me later.\rdblquote\par
Melody smiled, tousled Fleur\rquote s hair. \ldblquote I wouldn\rquote t tell you while you were a child. Now you are an adult, I needed to find the right time. This was it. Larissa, now you know, I hope you feel better about yourself.\rdblquote\par
Larissa laughed. \ldblquote Dying put things into a different perspective. I think I\rquote m over my attack. Helping George punish them was good therapy for me. Even being dead isn\rquote t so bad. Everybody dies. I\rquote m still here, I never really believed I\rquote d exist after death. And I can talk to you guys, so I don\rquote t feel lost and alone.\rdblquote\par
 \ldblquote One thing puzzles me.\rdblquote  Fleur remarked. \ldblquote Why would the ravens come to rescue you?\rdblquote  \par
\ldblquote And the other children.\rdblquote  Melody replied. \ldblquote You know ravens are magical creatures. They will talk to you, especially children, who have time to talk. I used to talk with them, my friends talked with them. When the Sidhe took us, some of us cried out for help. The ravens came to help. Sidhe magic doesn\rquote t affect them, or not much, so they succeeded.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What about the goddess?\rdblquote  Larissa asked. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t think gods and goddesses existed.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hah! All sorts of creatures with magic pretend to be gods to humans, that\rquote s why you don\rquote t believe. But all Fey acknowledge The Mother and her Consort. We all know they gave us magic in the first place. There is debate about whether other goddesses and gods exist, or whether they\rquote re just aspects of the Mother. My aunt maintains that Mor Rhiganu is separate. She says she\rquote s met her several times. She will help in times of dire need, but she expects those she helps to help themselves as well. That was why she turned my aunt into a wolf. According to legend, the white wolf collects the souls of dead Sidhe if they were evil, and displeased the Mother.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s right,\rdblquote  Fleur commented, \ldblquote the ravens collect the good ones.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh. Have you ever met the Mor Rhiganu?\rdblquote  Larissa pressed.\par
\ldblquote Technically, there\rquote s no \lquote the\rquote , it\rquote s a proper noun, like Larissa. And no, I haven\rquote t met Mor Rhiganu.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Do you know where she takes the souls of the dead?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No. If I did, I\rquote d add that to my list of places to show you. But they\rquote d be for the Fey, not humans. You could visit, but many would not be welcoming.\rdblquote   \par
\par
A little later Fleur and George were washing and drying the breakfast dishes. Larissa was talking to Melody.\par
\ldblquote There\rquote s something I wanted to ask Melody, but not in front of Larissa.\rdblquote  George said quietly. \ldblquote Do you know why many of the Fey can\rquote t shadow walk?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, George.\rdblquote  Fleur gave him a conspiratorial look. \ldblquote Not all Fey can see shadows. Most who can think that they need to open a portal to get into another shadow.\rdblquote  She put down the dish she was drying, and ticked off two fingers, then a third as she spoke. \ldblquote Getting into a shadow is all well and good, but if you can\rquote t find the one you left, it isn\rquote t all that useful. Returning to your starting point is a very difficult skill. Unless you know someone who knows the secret, you\rquote re like a baby who can crawl.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So, what\rquote s the secret?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote There\rquote s two. The first one is to use dreaming to practice moving around the spirit world, and the physical world. That\rquote s something you and Larissa did to locate those vampires before you killed them. When you master that, you can navigate through shadow.\par
\ldblquote The second is walking the pattern. You remember we visited it last night in dreaming? Physically walking the pattern tunes your magical abilities for shadow walking. It probably tunes them for other things as well, but when I walked it, it boosted my shadow walking abilities.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote When did you do that?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ten days ago. Melody asked me not to tell you, but now she\rquote s shown you it, I can tell you.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Do you know why she said not to tell me?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Probably because it\rquote s dangerous. Melody told me Sidhe have died trying to walk it. She wouldn\rquote t let me try it until she was sure the pattern wouldn\rquote t harm me.\rdblquote  \par
George nodded thoughtfully. \ldblquote I am glad to hear that. Has Melody walked it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, she said her aunt showed her and trained her,  many years ago.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What was walking the pattern like?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hard work, more than anything. You can feel the pattern energies flowing through you, changing you. You struggle to keep moving. When you reach the centre, it\rquote s like being an all seeing god. I could see all the shadows stretching out into the distance. I could choose anywhere, and be there in a single step. I don\rquote t know if it\rquote s possible, but I think it would be good if you could walk it one day. I\rquote d like you to be able to shadow walk.\rdblquote\par
George smiled. \ldblquote We\rquote ll have to see what Melody has to say. I'll do it if she says it won\rquote t harm me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh good!\rdblquote  She hugged him, he kissed her cheek, as he\rquote d done since she was little. \par
\ldblquote I have to go to work, what are you going to do?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I think Mels wants to convince Larissa to hang around with us instead of haunting you at work. We\rquote ll go places, keep her occupied.\rdblquote  Fleur grinned. \ldblquote You have a good day.\rdblquote\par
Melody kissed him on the lips, as she had done for years. Larissa gave him a hug that made his skin tingle.\par
Then George left for work, feeling happy. It looked as if his girls had decided to adopt Larissa.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\lang2057\par
\lang3081\par
[A year ago, when Fleur and Melody went overseas, before Michael moved in - a story something like the Crow, a group that cleared out old housing for redevelopment, killing many and burning the bodies in the buildings. they victimized a woman called Alison and left her to die in the explosion. George, following the crow, gets to the building just after it explodes. It is with Alison dying in his arms that \lang2057\par
\lang3081 7 evil vampires:\lang2057\par
\lang3081 1. The Viking (Fafnir Bloodaxe - vampire and werewolf). - includes cutting throats of girls he rapes, or disembowelling them\lang2057\par
\lang3081 2. The Voodun - the Shaman (Baron Samedi - black leather, top hat)\lang2057\par
\lang3081 3. The knife thrower (silver blades - Greek - Nick the Knife).\lang2057\par
\lang3081 4. The gun slinger (King Fisher - 2 ivory handled guns with silver bullets)\lang2057\par
\lang3081 5. The arsonist/explosives (Demolition Dan)\lang2057\par
\lang3081 6. Eric\rquote s Love interest (Naimh/Morrigan) - really nasty witch and werewolf\lang2057\par
\lang3081 7. The pusher man - dreadlocks (Dougie the Druggie)\lang2057\par
\lang3081\par
\ldblquote Fafnir Bloodaxe. He\rquote s the boss. Demolition Dan, Nick the Knife, Cowboy and the Shaman. And the Morrigan, she\rquote s a shapeshifter and witch.\rdblquote ]\par
\lang2057\par
\lang3081 It started with a spate of fires in homes and shops in an older, run down  area of London that some wealthy people wanted to redevelop. Every few days there would be a fire, apparently caused by such things as smoking in bed, a blanket thrown over an electric fire, or other seemingly innocent causes. In every case, the occupants died and often burned.\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George had discovered easily enough that there was a gang rumoured to be responsible, and from people like Reggie, that the gang was run by vampires. With the girls away, George had staked the area out for several nights. Then he\rquote d taken out the seven gang members one by one.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\par
\par
NOTE:\lang2057\par
\lang3081 George studied medicine at the university of Paris, also known as La Sorbonne, in 1881. He was in the English Natione, which also admitted people from england, germany (where George appeared to be from) and eastern europe.\lang2057\par
\lang3081\par
Ottoman turks invaded Greece from about 1460 to about 1571, and controlled it until 1821.\lang2057\par
}
 